Jeff Daniels played in the Hawaii Five-O episode The Flight of the Jewels
Riverfront Broadcasting LLC owns The Dam, which plays mainstream rock.
In the 2006 Norwegian International, Anton Nazarenko and Andrey Ashmarin won men's doubles, while the mixed doubles champions were Imam Sokidin and Irawan Elin Bergblom
Mandy Patinkin was the actor for the Pool Man in the 1978 movie The Big Fix.
Mandy Patinkin was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor - Motion Picture Musical or Comedy for his performance in the 1983 movie Yentl as Avigdor.
Mandy Patinkin played Detective Samuel 'George' Francisco in the 1988 movie Alien Nation.
The Irate Man in the 1993 movie Life with Mikey was played by Mandy Patinkin.
The 3rd drop of pitch fell in April, 1954, taking a total of 86 months since the last drop had fallen.
In August, 1970, the 5th drop of pitch fell, and it had been 8.3 years since the previous drop had fallen.
It had been 111 months since the last drop had fallen when the 7th drop of pitch fell in July 1988.
When the 8th drop of pitch fell on 28 November 2000, 12.3 years had passed since the last drop had fallen.
William b. oliver was the incumbent when ran william b. oliver (d) unopposed.
April25,2002 did the episode with a production code of 4301085 originally air.
The temptation of Jesus is an event in Matthew 04:01-11, Mark 01:12-13, and Luke 04:01-13.
The NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture was not awarded in 1971.
The 1975 NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Motion Picture was not awarded.
In 1982 Moses Gunn won the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor for the movie Ragtime.
Denzel Washington received the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in 1992.
The winner of the NAACP Image Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor was Morgan Freeman for the Motion Picture Amistad.
The San Francisco Bay Area, California, hosts the Sharks, a NHL team from San Jose.
John F. Amodeo first served as the representative for District 2 of the New Jersey General Assembly in 2008.
Shi Dongpeng competed in the 110 m hurdled at the 2001 Asian Junior Championships.
In 2007, in Osaka, Japan, Shi Dongpeng competed in the 110 m hurdles.
Shi Dongpeng competed in Istanbul, Turkey in 2012.
Obama received 49.3 % of votes while McCain received 50.7% in Adair, Missouri in the 2008 presidential elections.
Obama received 7850 votes, 40.8 % of the 19239 votes in Callaway County, Missouri in the 2008 presidential elections.
The result when incumbent Fred E. Busbey was elected was lost re-election democratic gain.
The results for the candidates listed as bart gordon (d) 76.5% wallace embry (r) 23.5% was re- elected.
Richard c. white (d) unopposed was the candidate when the incumbent was Richard C. White.
"Past Tense" was the 13th episode in the series.
The re-elected representative Steny Hoyer first took the seat in 1981.
√ frank w. boykin (d) unopposed were in the election where Frank W. Boykin was an incumbent.
√ george m. grant (d) unopposed were the candidates in the election where the incumbent is George M. Grant.
√ armistead i. selden, jr. (d) unopposed ran in the Alabama 6 district.
Tim valentine (d) unopposed were all the candidates when incumbent was Tim Valentine.
"Dad's Dead" was written by Christopher Titus, Jack Kenny, and Brian Hargrove.
The episode "There's no Place Like Home" aired on May 15, 2008.
The date of vacancy was 19 November 2007, where it was replaced by Alex McLeish, whose appointment was 28 November 2007.
The date of vacancy was 21 December 2007, and the date of appointment was 30 December 2007.
Manchester City had a vacancy on 2 June 2008, which was replaced by Mark Hughes.
The name of the candidate where the incumbent is named James P. Buchanan is james p. buchanan (d) unopposed.
The title of the episode directed by Peter Markle and written by Jerry Stahl is "Slaves of Las Vegas".
10 august, 1999 was the original air date for the episode titled A Whole Lot to Lose directed by di drew
Robert borski (d) 69% charles dougherty (r) 31% were the candidates in district Pennsylvania 3.
The result of the player from Maylands, Western Australia was fired 2nd in finale.
The background of the person fired in week 5 is unemployed.
Emily Halpern wrote the episode "In Which Sam Gets Taken for a Ride".
Michael Lange directed an episode that was viewed by 2.06 million U.S. people.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Alan Martin is a footballer with the Scotland national under-19 football team club.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and received the Purple Heart.
Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
Al-Amin Daggash was succeeded as Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria by Abdulsalami Abubakar.
Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II in which Abner W Sibal also fought.
Abner W. Sibal serve in the United States army which took part in the Korean War.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and has been the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Born in Greece, Adonis Georgiadis, worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin D. Roosevelt was a commander.
Albert Jennings Fountain passed away in the New Mexico Territory. He was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President.
Alberto Teisaire worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfred Moore Scales was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle, his alma mater is Princeton University.
Alfred N. Phillips was part of the U.S. House of Representatives and he was born in Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.
Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, which is part of the United States.
Adam Maher is connected to the AZ Alkmaar club and plays for the Netherlands National club for players under 17.
Adam Maher's club is PSV Eindhoven and he played for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad clubs are Steel Azin FC and Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago National football team and the T&amp;TEC Sports Club.
Former clubs of the footballer Alan Martin include Hamilton Academicals FC and Leeds United FC.
Alan Martin once played for Hamilton Academicals FC, which plays their home games at New Douglas Park.
Aleksandr Prudinov plays for FC Tom Tomsk, which plays in the Russian National Football League.
Alex Tyus plays for the club, Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C which is in the Turkish Basketball Super league.
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin FC whose ground is Palo Seco Velodrome.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 millimetres long and comes from Argentina.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence &amp; Space; where Ariane 5 was manufactured.
The Aston Martin V8 - assembled in the United Kingdom - and Aston Martin RHAM/1 are related means of transportation.
Aston Martin made the Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
Aston Martin DBS is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which is made by the company Aston Martin.
The Lockheed Martin manufactured Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Purple Heart recipient Aaron S. Daggat was born in Maine and, most notably, fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands, belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party and graduated from Erasmus University in Rotterdam.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Air Force, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office at the same time that Atiku Abubakar was Vice President.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Galicia, Spain and worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain, and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
During the Gulf War George H W Bush served as a commander and Adam Holloway of the Grenadier Guards was involved in the battles.
Conservative Party (UK) member Adam Holloway, who studied at Magdalene College, Cambridge, was born in Faversham.
The Polish-Soviet War, which was part of the Russian Civil War, was where Adam Koc fought and where Leon Trotsky was a commander.
Born in Athens, Greece, Adonis Georgiadis, has worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in the US where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in New York. He died in the U.S.
Buenos Aires, which is the death place of Alberto Teisaire, is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
Born on 23rd October, 1793, Alvah Sabin, was a member of the United States Whig Party, the leader of which, was Henry Clay.
19255 1994 VK8, with a mass of 5.6kg, has an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.0925 km/s.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km, a maximum temperature of 500 kelvins and a minimum temperature of -71 degrees celsius.
The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 km, an average speed of 37.16 kilometres per second, and a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre.
103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 and was discovered by James Craig Watson ,who died in Madison,Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
Formerly named "A894 VA; A 904 VD", 1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days, and it's epoch is 2005-11-26.
An artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation, Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band which plays pop music.
Al Anderson sings for the band NRBQ and their specialty is Rock music.
Aleksandra Kovač plays pop music for the K2 band. He knows musician, Bebi Dol.
Aleksandra Kovač is an artist for the band K2 and has the musical genre of rhythm and blues. She is musically involved with Kristina Kovac.
Alison O'Donnell played folk music of Ireland for the band Mellow Candle and the Flibbertigibbet band.
Born in Dothan (Alabama), Allen Forrest, started out as a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music.
The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock, which has origins in New wave music and Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
Rhythm and blues is the genre of singer Andra, who, is associated with musician Marius Moga and Andreea Bălan.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a 4-stroke engine and is 17068.8 millimeters long.
The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres.
The American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York and built the ALCO RS-3 which is 17068.8 mms in length.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe, with a straight-four engine, had its final production in 1958.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship, built in Helsinki at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, has a 21.2 ship beam.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese and is a similar means of transport to the Fiat Croma and also related to the Lancia Thema.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Milan and is a similar means of transport to the, Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000.
AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors where Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person and was succeeded ny Eagle.
The Antares rocket, manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office, is comparable to the US Delta II.
The launch site of the Ariane was ELA-3 launchpad, the site of which, is situated at the Guiana Space Centre. The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou,French Guiana.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen. He was a member of the Goslarer SC 08 youth team.
Aaron Hunt's club is VfL Wolfsburg who are managed by Dieter Hecking, but he previously played for SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernández's clubs are Hull City AFC and US Citta di Palermo. He previously played youth football for Central Espanol.
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol. He has since been associated with clubs US Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
Akeem Adams plays for W Connection FC , having previously played for United Petrotrin F.C., whose ground is Palo Seco.
Alaa Abdul Zahra, born in Iraq, plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club, and also for the Iraq national under 20 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club and he plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC at their home ground Al Khor.
Footballer, Alan Martin, was born on 01/01/1989. He is a footballer for the clubs, Hamilton Academical FC and Clyde FC club.
Alan Martin, whose club is Motherwell FC, played for Accrington Stanley FC who have their ground in Accrington.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on 1995-09-02 and he plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr, whose draft team was the Florida Panthers, was born on 2 September 1995 in Tampere, Finland.
Footballer Aleksandr Prudnikov , (February 24, 1989), plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and Alania Vladikavkaz.
Born on February 24th 1989, the footballer Aleksandr Prudnikov represented the Russia national B team and also played for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandre Guruli's club is Olympique Lyonnais, whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium. He also plays for AZAL PFK.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for US Lesquin but he use to play for the Olympique Lyonnais club who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays in the club A.C. Milan whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. He's alos in the Italy national under 16's football team.
Italian born Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and plays for the club U.C. Sampdoria.
Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague for the Maccabi Ashdod BC club whose coach is Zvi Sherf.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and his club is FC Spartak Moscow, whose grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Prudnikov's club is FC Anzhi Makhachkala and he played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow whose grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena.
Footballer, Abner, plays C.D. FAS. and Real Madrid Castilla, the manager of which, is Luis Miguel Ramis.
St Louis, part of Greater St Louis, is led by Francis G Slay and is the birthplace of Alex Tyus.
Akeem Ayers's former team is the New England Patriots and his debut team was the Tennessee Titans who are based in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
Abel Hernandez belongs to Abel Hernandezand club Penarol. He also plays for, Steve Bruce managed, Hull City A.F.C.
Abel Hernández plays for the club, U.S. Città di Palermo and played for the Central Espanol club. He was a member of youth club Peñarol which is managed by, Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Adam McQuaid was born October 12th 1986 in Prince Edward Island and now weighs 94.8024kg.
Akeem Ayers was born July 10, 1989 and debuted with the Tennessee Titans. He has played for the St. Louis Rams.
Akeem Dent was born on the 27th September 1987, in Atlanta, Georgia. He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and his former team are the Houston Texans.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who is 185cm tall and was born on 24 February 1989, plays for both FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born 1989-02-24 and is now 185.0cm tall. He played for FC Spartak Moscow and plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli, who was born in Batumi, is 178.0 centimetres tall. He is in the FC Zestafoni club and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club.
In his youth, Abel Hernández played for Peñarol, which play in the Uruguayan Primera División league. Abel Hernández now plays for Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by, Steve Bruce.
The epoch of (19255) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of 8788850000.0, a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 km.
The epoch of 1001 Gaussia (formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC) is 31 July 2016. It was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
German Empire born Walter Baade, who studied at the University of Gottingen, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. One of his doctoral students was Allan Sandage.
Walter Baade, who was born in Preubisch Oldendorf, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He studied at The university of Gottingen, and his doctoral student was Halton Arp.
Walter Baade, who had the doctoral student Halton Arp, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He studied at the University of Gottingen and died in West Germany.
Canadian James Craig Watson (who died in Madison, Wisconsin), discovered 103 Hera, which has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometre).
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson. He was a Canadian national who died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
Nottingham born, N.R. Pogson (who died in Chennai), discovered 107 Camilla, which has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.He discovered the 107 Camilla asteroid on the 1st March 2001.
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005 with its former name being "A894 VA; A904 VD". 1202.846 days is its orbital period and 288749000000.0 is its periapsis.
1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and its epoch date was on 26 November 2005.It has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres and its escape velocity is 0.0068km/sec.
The 1955 Dodge is made by the Dodge company and has a V8 engine, a 3-speed automatic transmission and a wheelbase of 120 inches.
The 1955 Dodge, the Chrysler Newport and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation. DeSoto are the manufacturers of the DeSoto Custom, the successor of which, is the DeSoto Firedome.
The mid-size AMC Matador, or VAM Classic, has an AMC straight-6 engine and is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
Acura TLX is a luxury class of vehicle with a V6 front engine design. It is made at the Marysville Auto Plant.
American motors was acquired by Chrysler. It was succeed by Eagle, and manufactures AMC Matador.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on The 25th of January 1969. It has a top speed of 8.334 km/h, a ship beam of 3.8 m., and is 45000.0 (millimetres) long.
Classed as a supermini, the Audi A1 (assembled at Audi Brussels), has a 1.2 litre front-engine with front-wheel-drive.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a sedan body style. It is a related means of transportation to the Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra.
The Alfa Romeo 164, Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra are related forms of transportation. The body style of the Alfa Romeo 164 is Sedan and it's assembly line is in Milan.
Atlas II originates from the United States which uses the English language. The country's capital is Washington DC and counts African Americans among its ethnic groups.
The Atlas II is from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States and the inhabitants are called Americans.
Electroacoustic singer Aaron Turner is associated with the bands Sumac and Isis.
Aaron Turner started performing post-metal music in 1995. He played with Twilight and Old Man Gloom bands.
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is a member of Sumac and plays Electric guitar. Death metal is a black metal fusion.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., the country Ahmet Ertegun was from. He played rock and roll music which stylistic origins come from Blues.
Albennie Jones, performed in the rhythm and blues genre and ended his career in 1950. Rhythm and blues originated from blues music and has disco as a derivative.
Alex Day plays acoustic music with the Chameleon Circuit band. He started actively in music in 2006 and is associated with Charlie McDonnell.
Alex Day, who is associated with performer Charlie McDonnell, plays with the band Chameleon Circuit. He became active in 2006 and his speciality is electronic music.
Folk musician Alison O'Donnell began in 1963 and is associated withHead South By Weaving and Mellow Candle.
London Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell records with the Floating World Records label. She is signed to Deram Records.
Alison O'Donnell, who performs jazz, once was signed to Deram Records and another time to Fruits de Mer Records. London is the home to Deram Records.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell. in1981. He is an acoustic solo singer.
Rock musician Anders Osborne has worked with the band Galactic and also with the musical artists Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso.
The singer Andra's genre is Rhythm and blue which originated from the blues. Both Funk and Disco are derivatives of rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel, who began his musical career in 2009, plays trance music. He has worked with Christian Burns and the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine. Trance comes from house music.
Post-metal cellist, Aaron Turner, played with both Twilight and House of Low Culture.
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner was a member of black metal band Twilight. Death metal is a black metal fusion.
Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones was born in the U.S., home to African Americans. R &amp; B has its roots in blues.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and his successor was Atiku Abubakar.
Oladipo Diya was Mike Akhigbe's predecessor, Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Abdulsalami Abubakar, was a member of the Nigerian Air Force, and his succcessor was Al-Amin Daggash.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and began his career on May 5th 2005. He fought in the Gulf War and his alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was Vice-president of new democracy and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis, who, was born in Athens, Greece, and was a member of the Hellenic Parliament.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the currency is the euro. Emile Roemer is a member and leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
Agnes Kant, a Netherlands National, worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. She is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands, the leader of which is, Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, the leader of which, is Mark Rutte. In the Netherlands, Emile Roemer is leader and member of the Netherlands Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant has Netherland nationality and is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which uses the colour "red" and is led by Emile Roemer.
Knightsbridge, London is the birthplace of Airey Neave and he was involved in the Battle of France. He started his career on 30th June 1953 and ended it on 30th March 1979.
Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, London, was involved in the Battle of France; he began his career on March 4th 1974, and ended his career on 30th March 1979.
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit, which has a garrison in Hohne, during World War Two. One of the commanders in that war was Chiang Kai-shek.
Alberto Teisaire, a member of the Justicialist Party was in office while Juan Peron was president. Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader.
Alberto Teisaire, is a national of Argentina, where Spanish is spoken. Alberto Teisaire, was in office while Juan Perón was president. Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
Juan Peron was a member of the Argentian Labour Party and during his Presidency Alberto Teisaire, who was born in Mendoza in Argentina, was in office. Isaac Rojas eventually succeeded Teisaire.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft, owned by Costa Crociere, the parent company of which is, Carnival Corporation &amp; plc. AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
Audi A1 hatchback is a supermini vehicle made in Brussels, Belgium. It contains a 1.2 l front engine with a front wheel drive layout.
Caterpillar Inc. founded in California in the U.S. is now in Peoria, Ill. That company powered the AIDAluna craft and is owned by AIDA Cruises.
AIDA Cruises, located at Rostock, is owned by AIDAluna. AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in the U.S. and is led by Douglas R. Oberhelman.
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by Caterpillar Inc., where Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the United States and is in Peoria, Illinois.
Carnival Corporation &amp; plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere in Genoa, who own the AIDAstella. AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises.
Finland's Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov. Juha Sipila leads Finland, where the people are known as Finns and Sami languages are spoken.
107 Camilla has an orbital period of 2368.05 days,its epoch date was on December 31st 2006 and was discovered byy B. Zellner.The periapsis of 107 Camilla is 479343000.0 (kilometres) and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km.
107 Camilla, which has the epoch 31 December 2006 and an orbital period of 2368.05 days, was discovered by C Woods. The periapsis measurement is 479343000.0 kms and the apoapsis 560937000.0 km.
107 Camilla, which has the epoch date 31 December 2006, was discovered by F Vilas and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. The apoapsis and periapsis measurements are 560937000.0 kilometres and 479343000.0 kilometres respectively.
N. R. Pogson was an Englishman,born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.He discovered 107 Camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5.7 kilograms,an orbital period of 183309000.0 and its epoch date was on 31st July 2016.It has an escape velocity of 0.02 km/sec and its apoapsis is 520906000.0 kilometres.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005, an orbital period of 1513.722 days. a periapsis of 296521000.0 km, an apoapsis of 475426000.0 km, and a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
Abdulsalami Abubakar who ended his career on May 29th, 1999, served in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Akhigbe served in the Nigerian Navy and succeeded Oladipo Diya as V.P. before Atiku Abubakar took over from Akhigbe.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe (the successor to Oladipo Diya) was Vice President. His career ended on 29 May 1999 and he was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
Adonis Georgiadis (who was succeeded by Makis Voridis), was born in Athens, Greece and was in office under Antonis Samaras, Prime Minister. Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
Agnes Kant, whose nationality is Netherlands, resided in Doesburg. The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte, and the leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands is Emile Roemer.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria, in the state, Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Graz, in Styria.
A member of the Austrian People's Party, Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, in the state of Tyrol and died in Graz, in Styria.
Vermont native Alvah Sabin represented the State's 3rd Congressional District and he died in Sycamore, Illinois after ending his career on March 3rd, 1857. Vermont's largest city is Burlington.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken. He was in office during the Presidency of Labour party member Juan Peron, who was married to Eva Peron.
American Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician from Indiana. He has a background as a solo singer and was part of the band Wee Giant.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and started performing in 1995. He formerly played with the band Twilight and is now in the Lotus Eaters. He is is closely associated with the sludge metal genre.
Alan Frew, who is from Newmarket, Ontario, (Canada, was born in Coatbridge. He is a musician and solo singer.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester, England in the U.K. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. The leader of London is the European Parliament, and the leader of Manchester is The Labour Party (UK).
Allen Forrest was a solo acoustic singer and was born in the year 1981, in Dothan (Fort Campbell), Alabama.
Anders Osborne musical career began in 1989. His career began in the blue's genre. He has been associated with the band, Galactic as well as Tab Benoit. Osborne also has ties to fellow musician Billy Iuso.
Solo singer, Andra, was born in 1986, in Romania. Andra is a rhythm and blues singer whose occupation is singing.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began as a musician performing Trance Music in 2009. He is associated with musicians, Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina.
The Labour Party is in the majority in Manchester, the birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones. Alfred Garth Jones died in. Sidcup, in London which is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Atlantic City International Airport owner is South Jersey Transportation Authority.
New Jersey is a region served by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
The United States Air Force has a Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft.
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is ''Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault.
The New Mexico House of Representatives, is what the leader in Albuquerque (New Mexico), is called.
The United States House of representatives, is located in the United States Capitol.
The Native Americans are an ethnic group within the United States, the country where Albany, Georgia is located.
Auburn, Alabama is located in the United States, a country where one of the ethnic groups are Native Americans.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States, where the leader of the country is called the President of the United States.
A dish popular in Indonesia is asam pedas which is made from fish cooked in hot and sour sauce.
The Al Asad Airbase is situated in the Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez manages A.D. Isidro Metapan. He plays for FC Dallas.
With 1500 members, A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, were in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
Stuart Parker (footballer) was at Blackburn Rovers FC and has also managed AFC Blackpool.
AFC Blackpool have had Stuart Parker as their manager, and he is attached to Irlam Town Football Club.
The ground for AEK Athens FC, who are in the Superleague of Greece is the Olympic Stadium (Athens).
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst where the tenant is Jong Ajax.
John Cowper Powys wrote A Glastonbury Romance, which was followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way was published in Print &amp; Paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press, which published A long long way.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is considered Fantasy literature and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
The American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math.) has the academic discipline of Mathematics.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is in Washington, D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African American.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum.
The comic book character Ben Urich ( full name, Benjamin Urich ) was created by Roger McKenzie.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky and is located in Copenhagen.
Ampara Hospital is in the Eastern Province, of Sri Lanka whose leader is Austin Fernando.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, of which Brooklyn is a part.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, USA (the leader of which was Joe Biden).
The United States National Buzz Aldrin, who graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc. D. in 1963, was hired by NASA shortly after his graduation.
Elliot See, a US national, was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See, who graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was chosen by NASA in 1962, died in St. Louis.
A T Charlie Johnson, editor of AIP Advances, studied at Stanford University and is a resident of the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Severed Wasp (from the United States) is written in English, which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, whose abbreviated name is Acta Palaeontol. Pol., has the LCCN number of 60040714 and the ISSN number of 0567-7920.
Cornell University is located in the state of New York. It is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in Hardcover and has 320 pages. The OCLC number is 78771100.
English is the language spoken in both Great Britain and the United States. The book Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians comes from the U.S.
Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE publications which publishes the Administrative Science Quarterly which has the ISSN number of 0001-8392.
The capital city of the United States is Washington D.C. Some Asian Americans live in the United States and A Wizard of Mars was Published there.
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. It is also the country where 'A Wizard of Mars' originates from.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena, plays for ASD SS Nola 1925 and was also at the club ASD Licita 1931.
The "Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA" is the full name of A.C. Lumezzane who play in Lega Pro/A and have 4150 members.
Dave Challinor manages A.F.C. Fylde and plays at the Stockport County F.C. He is also at Colwyn Bay FC.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A., their ground is in Livorno, Italy and they have 19238 members.
AS Livorno Calcio play in Serie B (previous champions: Carpi FC 1909) and are managed by Christian Panucci.
Christian Panucci has played for Chelsea FC and was attached to the Real Madrid CF club. He now manages AS Livorno Calcio,.
Gus Poyet played for Chelsea F.C. and was the manager for AEK Athens FC but he is now in the Real Zaragoza club.
Massimo Drago was at the club ASD Licita 1931 but currently manages A.C. Cesena and plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena and played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925. He currently plays for U.S Castrovillari Calcio.
Massimo Drago has been the manager of A C Cesena but currently plays for US Castrovillari Calcio and SS Chieti Calcio.
103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham.
250 Delaware Avenue in the United States has 12 floors that cover 30843.8 square metres.
George Winkler, United States, is the architect of the 22 floor 320 South Boston Building.
Adare Manor was designed by architect Philip Charles Hardwick and construction finished in 1862. The Manor is owned by J P McManus.
Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is the capital of Sri Lanka, whose currency is the rupee. Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and is the architect of the grounds of Asilomar Conference at the Riverside Art Museum.
Julia Morgan who was born in California, is the architect behind Chinatown in San Francisco and designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Bill Marriott is one of the key people at the Marriott International based in Bethesda, Maryland and which is a tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
Albany, Georgia is in Dougherty County and Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States. The US is home to an ethnic group called African Americans.
Alpharetta can be found in Georgia in the United States, the country that is home to an ethnic group called Asian Americans.
Anaheim, part of California, is led by the California State Senate located at the California State Capitol.
Angola is in Pleasant Township which is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the U.S. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Albany is part of Dougherty County in Georgia and the state's capital is Atlanta.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County Indiana in the United States. The largest city in Madison County is Anderson.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the U.S. The capital of New Jersey is Trenton.
The United States, which has the capital city of Washington DC, is also the location of Attica, part of Fountain County in Indiana.
Attica, Indiana is in Fountain County, Indiana in the U.S. Washington, D.C. is the capital of the U.S.
Akron is in Summit County, Ohio in the U.S. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Albany is part of Benton County in Oregon within the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Albuquerque,New Mexico is located and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Operated by the United States Air Force, Al Asad Airbase is in Iraq and has a runway length of 3992.88 metres.
Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan has a runway known as 18L/36R with a length of 2900.0.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, known locally as Türk Şehitleri Anıtı, is located in Baku, the capital city of Azerbaijan.
A dish of Javanese cuisine, Arem arem has compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Bakewell pudding's main ingredients are almond, jam, butter and eggs. It is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which originates from the Derbyshire Dales. Some main ingredients in Bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Beef kway teow originates from Singapore and is also made in Indonesia. One of the ingredients in the dish is oyster sauce.
The comic character Bolt, with the alternative name Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and Dan Mishkin.
The comic character of Bolt has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky and was created by Ernie Colon and the comic book writer, Gary Cohn.
11 Diagonal Street is in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. Two of the ethnic groups within South Africa are coloured people and Asian South Africans.
The building at 300 North LaSalle, Illinois, completed in 2009, has 60 floors covering an area of 120770.0 square metres.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick, Munster, which is governed by the Limerick City and County Council.
Akita Museum of Art, located in Akita, Akita, part of Akita Prefecture, Japan displays art from Brazilians, one of the ethnic groups in that country.
Akita Museum of Art is an art museum in the Japanese city of Akita on the Akita Prefecture. Japan is diverse with a number of ethnic groups including Filipinos.
Added to National Register of Historic Places on February the 27nd, 1987 (reference number 87000823), the Asilomar Conference Grounds was built in 1913 and are located in Pacific Grove, California.
Birmingham has the B postcode, is led by the Labour party and is the birthplace of architect John Madin who designed 103 Colmore Row.
The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of London, the capital city. Elizabeth II is also a leader and 20 Fenchurch Street is located in the country .
The Atatürk Monument in Izmir, Turkey, which is governed by a president, was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on July 27th, 1932.
Alpharetta, Fulton County, Georgia is located within the United States. Atlanta is the county seat of Fulton County.
Amarillo is a part of Potter County, in Texas, USA. Austin is the state capital of Texas.
Anaheim is in California which is led by the California State Assembly found in the California State Capitol. Spanish is spoken in that state.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, United States, of which one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Auburn is part of Lee County,Alabama in the United States.African Americans are an ethnic group within the United States.
Auburn, King County, Washington is located within the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington DC.
Austin is in Hays County Texas, where the state's largest city is Houston. San Marcos is the county seat of Hays County, Texas.
Anaheim, California is led by the California State Assembly located in the California State Capitol. Chinese is spoken in some parts of that state.
United States has its capital as Washington, DC, home to African Americans and Albany, Benton County, Oregon.
The Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, which has the capital city of Washington DC. It is also the location of Albany, part of Benton County in Oregon.
Angola,Indiana (U.S.), is home to one of its ethnic groups, the Asian Americans. English is spoken in the United States.
Rolando Maran has worked at FC Bari 1908. He managed Associazione Calcio ChievoVerona and is in the Carrarese Calcio club. He was born in Italy.
Italian born, Michele Marcolini, plays for A.C. Chievo Verona, owns Torino F.C., and is manager of A.C. Lumezzane.
Footballer, Stuart Parker, plays for Stockport County F.C. and is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool. The ground of which is in Blackpool, where Gordon Marsden is one of the leaders.
Based at Warton, Fylde, Lancashire, is A.F.C. Fylde. The full name of which, is Association Football Club Fylde. The club played in 2014 and has 3180 members.
A.F.C. Fylde are based at Bryning Lane and their full name is "Association Football Club Fylde." They have 3180 members and competed in the 2014 season.
With 69618 members, AEK Athens F.C. has its ground in Greece. They play in the Superleague Greece, and played in the 2014 season.
Serving the city of Abilene in Texas, the Abilene Regional Airport is 546 metres above sea level. It has the runway name 17L/35R and has a runway length of 21940 metres.
Serving the city of Amsterdam, Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level. It has a runway named 09/27 Buitenveldertbaan and a runway length of 2014.0.
The city of Amsterdam is served by Amsterdam Schiphol Airport. This airport has an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level and the runway name 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan. It also has the runway length of 2014.0 metres.
Andrews County Airport in Texas serves the city of Andrews. It is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish government, owned by the flemish region, has an elevation of 12.o metres above sea level, and it's runway length is 600.0.
Turkmenistan Airlines have their HQ in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan and their hub airport at Turkmenbashi International airport. They are the operating organisation for Ashgabat International airport.
Baymax is a character which was created by American Duncan Rouleau and featured in the film Big Hero 6 ( starring Ryan Potter ).
The comic character Bolt, who has the alternative name of Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and the Puerto Rican national, Ernie Colon.
The Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar, discipline is Math. The LCCN number is 83646315 and the ISSN number is 0236-5294.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has a LCCN number of 60040714 and comes under the academic discipline of Paleobiology. It has the abbreviated name of Acta Palaeontol. Pol. and the ISSN number 0567-7920.
English is the language of the United States where Barack Obama is president, Asian Americans are an ethnic group and a severed Wasp originates.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He Joined NASA in 1963 where he became a crew member of Apollo 11 as a Fighter pilot.
Buzz Aldrin (born as Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr) was a crew member for NASA's Apollo 11 and had 20 awards.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, part of Alba County in Romania where Bucharest is the capital city.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce from the region of Lazio. Its ingredients include tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Bacon Explosion originated in the United States, where Barack Obama is leader, Washing DC is the capital and where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The United States is the country of the Bacon Explosion and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups found there. John Roberts is the leader and the capital is Washington, D.C.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region in Derbyshire. It's a variant of a bakewell tart and fruit preserves are one of the ingredients used in it.
Bakso is a food from the Country of Indonesia. Ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, and fried shallots are main ingredients in Bakso.
Beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in Indonesia. The same dish is found in Singapore, where Halimah Yacob is a leader and Standard Chinese is the language spoken.
Bionico is a food found in Guadalajara, Mexico. Sour cream, chopped fruits, condensed milk. granola, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients in Bionico.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C, the language of this country is english. Amarillo, that its a beautiful place located in this country is part of Potter County in the state of Texas.
In Amarillo, Pottery County, Texas U.S. the native language is English. It is also spoken in the capital of Texas, Austin.
English is spoken in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas, which is also the location of Amarillo, Potter County.
Atlanta which is part of DeKalb County Georgia has a population of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre, covers 344,9 square kilometres and total area is 347.1 sq KM has an area code of 404.
The United States, where the capital is Washington DC, includes the ethnic group of African Americans. Auburn is located in the country and is part of Lee County in Alabama.
One of the ethinic groups of the United states where Washington D.C. is capital is Asian Americans. Albany is a city in Oregon which is also located in the US.
AWH Engineering College is located southeast of Mahe in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. The College was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff.
Baymax was created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle. Baymax is a character in Big Hero 6 which stars Alan Tudyk.
Italy is led by Pietro Grasso and is where AC Lumezzane play. Their manager is Michele Marcolini who is in the Vicenza Calcio club and plays for FC Bari 1908.
S.S. Robur Siena are champions of Serie D. league in which AS Gubbio 1910 also play. This latter team has their ground in Italy where the Italian language is spoken and the leader is Sergio Mattarella.
Arem-arem while more specific to java, is found nationwide in Indonesia, where the language is Indonesian. It is also where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
The Malaysian Chinese and Malay are ethnic groups in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur. It is also where the food dish Asam pedas, which come from the region of Sumatra and the Malay Peninsula, is found.
Malays and Malaysian Indians are both ethnic groups in Malaysia, the capital city of which is Kuala Lumpur. Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia. It comes from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula regions.
Bionico is a dessert dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and it includes the ingredients chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
The American test pilot Alan Bean (born in Wheeler, Texas) was selected by NASA in 1963. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930. He was a crew member on NASA's Apollo 11. The backup pilot for Apollo 11 was William Anders. Aldrin has now retired.
The runway length at Agra airport in India is 1818 and the ICAO location identifier is VIAG. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is 167.94 metres above sea level.
John Madin, the architect who designed 103 Colmore Row, was born in Birmingham. The postal code of that area is B. and the governing body is the Birmingham City Council. Labour politician, John Clancy is the leader the area.
Alan Bean is an American born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and spent a total of 100305 minutes in space. He is now retired.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest; its leader is Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. The ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and the anthem is Desteapta-te, romane!
The lira is the official currency of Turkey where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader. Although the largest city is Istanbul the capital city is Ankara. The country is the location of the bronze Ataturk in Izmir which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Inaugurated on the 27th of July, 1932, The Ataturk Monument (Izmir) is located in Turkey. The largest city is Istanbul, and the capital is Ankara. The country's president is Ahmet Davutoglu, and the currency is the Turkish Lira.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Alan Martin is a footballer with the Scotland national under-19 football team club.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and received the Purple Heart.
Aaron S Daggett fought at the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
Al-Amin Daggash was succeeded as Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria by Abdulsalami Abubakar.
Joseph Stalin was a commander in World War II in which Abner W Sibal also fought.
Abner W. Sibal serve in the United States army which took part in the Korean War.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and has been the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Born in Greece, Adonis Georgiadis, worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin D. Roosevelt was a commander.
Albert Jennings Fountain passed away in the New Mexico Territory. He was in office while Edmund J. Davis was Vice President.
Alberto Teisaire worked as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was succeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfred Moore Scales was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle, his alma mater is Princeton University.
Alfred N. Phillips was part of the U.S. House of Representatives and he was born in Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.
Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, which is part of the United States.
Adam Maher is connected to the AZ Alkmaar club and plays for the Netherlands National club for players under 17.
Adam Maher's club is PSV Eindhoven and he played for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad clubs are Steel Azin FC and Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago National football team and the T&amp;TEC Sports Club.
Former clubs of the footballer Alan Martin include Hamilton Academicals FC and Leeds United FC.
Alan Martin once played for Hamilton Academicals FC, which plays their home games at New Douglas Park.
Aleksandr Prudinov plays for FC Tom Tomsk, which plays in the Russian National Football League.
Alex Tyus plays for the club, Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C which is in the Turkish Basketball Super league.
Akeem Adams played for United Petrotrin FC whose ground is Palo Seco Velodrome.
The ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 millimetres long and comes from Argentina.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence &amp; Space; where Ariane 5 was manufactured.
The Aston Martin V8 - assembled in the United Kingdom - and Aston Martin RHAM/1 are related means of transportation.
Aston Martin made the Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
Aston Martin DBS is a related means of transport to the Aston Martin V8, which was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage.
The Aston Martin V8 was succeeded by the Aston Martin Virage which is made by the company Aston Martin.
The Lockheed Martin manufactured Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Purple Heart recipient Aaron S. Daggat was born in Maine and, most notably, fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands, belongs to the Christian Democratic Appeal party and graduated from Erasmus University in Rotterdam.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who served in the Nigerian Air Force, was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo, who was in office at the same time that Atiku Abubakar was Vice President.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas in Galicia, Spain and worked as a Member of the Congress of Deputies.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain, and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
During the Gulf War George H W Bush served as a commander and Adam Holloway of the Grenadier Guards was involved in the battles.
Conservative Party (UK) member Adam Holloway, who studied at Magdalene College, Cambridge, was born in Faversham.
The Polish-Soviet War, which was part of the Russian Civil War, was where Adam Koc fought and where Leon Trotsky was a commander.
Born in Athens, Greece, Adonis Georgiadis, has worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island and died in the US where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in New York. He died in the U.S.
Buenos Aires, which is the death place of Alberto Teisaire, is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature and led by Horacio Rodríguez Larreta.
Born on 23rd October, 1793, Alvah Sabin, was a member of the United States Whig Party, the leader of which, was Henry Clay.
19255 1994 VK8, with a mass of 5.6kg, has an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 kilometres and an escape velocity of 0.0925 km/s.
(66063) 1998 RO1 has an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 km, a maximum temperature of 500 kelvins and a minimum temperature of -71 degrees celsius.
The celestial body known as (66391) 1999 KW4 has an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 km, an average speed of 37.16 kilometres per second, and a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre.
103 Hera has an epoch date of August 27th 2011 and was discovered by James Craig Watson ,who died in Madison,Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, who discovered 103 Hera, died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
Formerly named "A894 VA; A 904 VD", 1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days, and it's epoch is 2005-11-26.
An artist with the band Kids Imagine Nation, Aaron Bertram plays for the Suburban Legends band which plays pop music.
Al Anderson sings for the band NRBQ and their specialty is Rock music.
Aleksandra Kovač plays pop music for the K2 band. He knows musician, Bebi Dol.
Aleksandra Kovač is an artist for the band K2 and has the musical genre of rhythm and blues. She is musically involved with Kristina Kovac.
Alison O'Donnell played folk music of Ireland for the band Mellow Candle and the Flibbertigibbet band.
Born in Dothan (Alabama), Allen Forrest, started out as a solo singer and performs rhythm and blues music.
The musician Andrew White's genre is alternative rock, which has origins in New wave music and Nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock.
Rhythm and blues is the genre of singer Andra, who, is associated with musician Marius Moga and Andreea Bălan.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 which has a 4-stroke engine and is 17068.8 millimeters long.
The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres.
The American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York and built the ALCO RS-3 which is 17068.8 mms in length.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe, with a straight-four engine, had its final production in 1958.
The icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship, built in Helsinki at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard, has a 21.2 ship beam.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Arese and is a similar means of transport to the Fiat Croma and also related to the Lancia Thema.
The Alfa Romeo 164 was assembled in Milan and is a similar means of transport to the, Fiat Croma and the Saab 9000.
AMC Matador is manufactured by American Motors where Roy D Chapin Jr is a key person and was succeeded ny Eagle.
The Antares rocket, manufactured at the Yuzhnoye Design Office, is comparable to the US Delta II.
The launch site of the Ariane was ELA-3 launchpad, the site of which, is situated at the Guiana Space Centre. The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou,French Guiana.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vfl Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen. He was a member of the Goslarer SC 08 youth team.
Aaron Hunt's club is VfL Wolfsburg who are managed by Dieter Hecking, but he previously played for SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernández's clubs are Hull City AFC and US Citta di Palermo. He previously played youth football for Central Espanol.
Abel Hernandez played youth football for Central Espanol. He has since been associated with clubs US Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
Akeem Adams plays for W Connection FC , having previously played for United Petrotrin F.C., whose ground is Palo Seco.
Alaa Abdul Zahra, born in Iraq, plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club, and also for the Iraq national under 20 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Shabab Al-Ordon Club and he plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC at their home ground Al Khor.
Footballer, Alan Martin, was born on 01/01/1989. He is a footballer for the clubs, Hamilton Academical FC and Clyde FC club.
Alan Martin, whose club is Motherwell FC, played for Accrington Stanley FC who have their ground in Accrington.
Aleksander Barkov Jr was born in Tampere, Finland on 1995-09-02 and he plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr, whose draft team was the Florida Panthers, was born on 2 September 1995 in Tampere, Finland.
Footballer Aleksandr Prudnikov , (February 24, 1989), plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and Alania Vladikavkaz.
Born on February 24th 1989, the footballer Aleksandr Prudnikov represented the Russia national B team and also played for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandre Guruli's club is Olympique Lyonnais, whose home ground is the Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium. He also plays for AZAL PFK.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for US Lesquin but he use to play for the Olympique Lyonnais club who play their home games at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays in the club A.C. Milan whose manager is Siniša Mihajlović. He's alos in the Italy national under 16's football team.
Italian born Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and plays for the club U.C. Sampdoria.
Alex Tyus plays in the Euroleague for the Maccabi Ashdod BC club whose coach is Zvi Sherf.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and his club is FC Spartak Moscow, whose grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Prudnikov's club is FC Anzhi Makhachkala and he played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow whose grounds are the Otkrytiye Arena.
Footballer, Abner, plays C.D. FAS. and Real Madrid Castilla, the manager of which, is Luis Miguel Ramis.
St Louis, part of Greater St Louis, is led by Francis G Slay and is the birthplace of Alex Tyus.
Akeem Ayers's former team is the New England Patriots and his debut team was the Tennessee Titans who are based in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
Abel Hernandez belongs to Abel Hernandezand club Penarol. He also plays for, Steve Bruce managed, Hull City A.F.C.
Abel Hernández plays for the club, U.S. Città di Palermo and played for the Central Espanol club. He was a member of youth club Peñarol which is managed by, Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Adam McQuaid was born October 12th 1986 in Prince Edward Island and now weighs 94.8024kg.
Akeem Ayers was born July 10, 1989 and debuted with the Tennessee Titans. He has played for the St. Louis Rams.
Akeem Dent was born on the 27th September 1987, in Atlanta, Georgia. He debuted with the Atlanta Falcons and his former team are the Houston Texans.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who is 185cm tall and was born on 24 February 1989, plays for both FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born 1989-02-24 and is now 185.0cm tall. He played for FC Spartak Moscow and plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli, who was born in Batumi, is 178.0 centimetres tall. He is in the FC Zestafoni club and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv club.
In his youth, Abel Hernández played for Peñarol, which play in the Uruguayan Primera División league. Abel Hernández now plays for Hull City A.F.C. which is managed by, Steve Bruce.
The epoch of (19255) 1994 VK8 is on 31 December 2006. It has an orbital period of 8788850000.0, a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 km.
The epoch of 1001 Gaussia (formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC) is 31 July 2016. It was discovered by Sergey Belyavsky and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
German Empire born Walter Baade, who studied at the University of Gottingen, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. One of his doctoral students was Allan Sandage.
Walter Baade, who was born in Preubisch Oldendorf, discovered 1036 Ganymed. He studied at The university of Gottingen, and his doctoral student was Halton Arp.
Walter Baade, who had the doctoral student Halton Arp, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He studied at the University of Gottingen and died in West Germany.
Canadian James Craig Watson (who died in Madison, Wisconsin), discovered 103 Hera, which has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometre).
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson. He was a Canadian national who died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
Nottingham born, N.R. Pogson (who died in Chennai), discovered 107 Camilla, which has a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.He discovered the 107 Camilla asteroid on the 1st March 2001.
The epoch date of 1089 Tama is 26 November 2005 with its former name being "A894 VA; A904 VD". 1202.846 days is its orbital period and 288749000000.0 is its periapsis.
1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and its epoch date was on 26 November 2005.It has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres and its escape velocity is 0.0068km/sec.
The 1955 Dodge is made by the Dodge company and has a V8 engine, a 3-speed automatic transmission and a wheelbase of 120 inches.
The 1955 Dodge, the Chrysler Newport and the DeSoto Custom are related means of transportation. DeSoto are the manufacturers of the DeSoto Custom, the successor of which, is the DeSoto Firedome.
The mid-size AMC Matador, or VAM Classic, has an AMC straight-6 engine and is assembled in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
Acura TLX is a luxury class of vehicle with a V6 front engine design. It is made at the Marysville Auto Plant.
American motors was acquired by Chrysler. It was succeed by Eagle, and manufactures AMC Matador.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on The 25th of January 1969. It has a top speed of 8.334 km/h, a ship beam of 3.8 m., and is 45000.0 (millimetres) long.
Classed as a supermini, the Audi A1 (assembled at Audi Brussels), has a 1.2 litre front-engine with front-wheel-drive.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Italy and has a sedan body style. It is a related means of transportation to the Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra.
The Alfa Romeo 164, Fiat Croma and Opel Vectra are related forms of transportation. The body style of the Alfa Romeo 164 is Sedan and it's assembly line is in Milan.
Atlas II originates from the United States which uses the English language. The country's capital is Washington DC and counts African Americans among its ethnic groups.
The Atlas II is from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States and the inhabitants are called Americans.
Electroacoustic singer Aaron Turner is associated with the bands Sumac and Isis.
Aaron Turner started performing post-metal music in 1995. He played with Twilight and Old Man Gloom bands.
Black metal musician Aaron Turner is a member of Sumac and plays Electric guitar. Death metal is a black metal fusion.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S., the country Ahmet Ertegun was from. He played rock and roll music which stylistic origins come from Blues.
Albennie Jones, performed in the rhythm and blues genre and ended his career in 1950. Rhythm and blues originated from blues music and has disco as a derivative.
Alex Day plays acoustic music with the Chameleon Circuit band. He started actively in music in 2006 and is associated with Charlie McDonnell.
Alex Day, who is associated with performer Charlie McDonnell, plays with the band Chameleon Circuit. He became active in 2006 and his speciality is electronic music.
Folk musician Alison O'Donnell began in 1963 and is associated withHead South By Weaving and Mellow Candle.
London Jazz musician Alison O'Donnell records with the Floating World Records label. She is signed to Deram Records.
Alison O'Donnell, who performs jazz, once was signed to Deram Records and another time to Fruits de Mer Records. London is the home to Deram Records.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell. in1981. He is an acoustic solo singer.
Rock musician Anders Osborne has worked with the band Galactic and also with the musical artists Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso.
The singer Andra's genre is Rhythm and blue which originated from the blues. Both Funk and Disco are derivatives of rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel, who began his musical career in 2009, plays trance music. He has worked with Christian Burns and the musical artist Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Trance musician Andrew Rayel is associated with artists Christian Burns and Jwaydan Moyine. Trance comes from house music.
Post-metal cellist, Aaron Turner, played with both Twilight and House of Low Culture.
Electric guitarist Aaron Turner was a member of black metal band Twilight. Death metal is a black metal fusion.
Rhythm and blues artist Albennie Jones was born in the U.S., home to African Americans. R &amp; B has its roots in blues.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Oladipo Diya was the predecessor of Mike Akhigbe and his successor was Atiku Abubakar.
Oladipo Diya was Mike Akhigbe's predecessor, Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Abdulsalami Abubakar, was a member of the Nigerian Air Force, and his succcessor was Al-Amin Daggash.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and began his career on May 5th 2005. He fought in the Gulf War and his alma mater is Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was Vice-president of new democracy and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Makis Voridis was the successor of Adonis Georgiadis, who, was born in Athens, Greece, and was a member of the Hellenic Parliament.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands where the currency is the euro. Emile Roemer is a member and leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands.
Agnes Kant, a Netherlands National, worked at the House of Representatives in Netherlands. She is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands, the leader of which is, Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant is a national of the Netherlands, the leader of which, is Mark Rutte. In the Netherlands, Emile Roemer is leader and member of the Netherlands Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant has Netherland nationality and is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands which uses the colour "red" and is led by Emile Roemer.
Knightsbridge, London is the birthplace of Airey Neave and he was involved in the Battle of France. He started his career on 30th June 1953 and ended it on 30th March 1979.
Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, London, was involved in the Battle of France; he began his career on March 4th 1974, and ended his career on 30th March 1979.
Airey Neave served in the Royal Artillery Unit, which has a garrison in Hohne, during World War Two. One of the commanders in that war was Chiang Kai-shek.
Alberto Teisaire, a member of the Justicialist Party was in office while Juan Peron was president. Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, where Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader.
Alberto Teisaire, is a national of Argentina, where Spanish is spoken. Alberto Teisaire, was in office while Juan Perón was president. Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party in Argentina.
Juan Peron was a member of the Argentian Labour Party and during his Presidency Alberto Teisaire, who was born in Mendoza in Argentina, was in office. Isaac Rojas eventually succeeded Teisaire.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft, owned by Costa Crociere, the parent company of which is, Carnival Corporation &amp; plc. AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
Audi A1 hatchback is a supermini vehicle made in Brussels, Belgium. It contains a 1.2 l front engine with a front wheel drive layout.
Caterpillar Inc. founded in California in the U.S. is now in Peoria, Ill. That company powered the AIDAluna craft and is owned by AIDA Cruises.
AIDA Cruises, located at Rostock, is owned by AIDAluna. AIDAluna is powered by Caterpillar Inc., which was founded in the U.S. and is led by Douglas R. Oberhelman.
AIDAluna, owned by AIDA Cruises, is powered by Caterpillar Inc., where Douglas R. Oberhelman is a key person. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the United States and is in Peoria, Illinois.
Carnival Corporation &amp; plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere in Genoa, who own the AIDAstella. AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is operated by AIDA Cruises.
Finland's Arctech Helsinki Shipyard built the icebreaker, Aleksey Chirikov. Juha Sipila leads Finland, where the people are known as Finns and Sami languages are spoken.
107 Camilla has an orbital period of 2368.05 days,its epoch date was on December 31st 2006 and was discovered byy B. Zellner.The periapsis of 107 Camilla is 479343000.0 (kilometres) and its apoapsis is 560937000.0 km.
107 Camilla, which has the epoch 31 December 2006 and an orbital period of 2368.05 days, was discovered by C Woods. The periapsis measurement is 479343000.0 kms and the apoapsis 560937000.0 km.
107 Camilla, which has the epoch date 31 December 2006, was discovered by F Vilas and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. The apoapsis and periapsis measurements are 560937000.0 kilometres and 479343000.0 kilometres respectively.
N. R. Pogson was an Englishman,born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.He discovered 107 Camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5.7 kilograms,an orbital period of 183309000.0 and its epoch date was on 31st July 2016.It has an escape velocity of 0.02 km/sec and its apoapsis is 520906000.0 kilometres.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an epoch date of November 26th 2005, an orbital period of 1513.722 days. a periapsis of 296521000.0 km, an apoapsis of 475426000.0 km, and a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
Abdulsalami Abubakar who ended his career on May 29th, 1999, served in office while Mike Akhigbe was Vice President. Akhigbe served in the Nigerian Navy and succeeded Oladipo Diya as V.P. before Atiku Abubakar took over from Akhigbe.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served in the Nigerian Army and was in office whilst Mike Akhigbe (the successor to Oladipo Diya) was Vice President. His career ended on 29 May 1999 and he was succeeded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
Adonis Georgiadis (who was succeeded by Makis Voridis), was born in Athens, Greece and was in office under Antonis Samaras, Prime Minister. Antonis Samaras was in office while Konstantinos Mitsotakis was Prime Minister.
Agnes Kant, whose nationality is Netherlands, resided in Doesburg. The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte, and the leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands is Emile Roemer.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria, in the state, Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Graz, in Styria.
A member of the Austrian People's Party, Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, in the state of Tyrol and died in Graz, in Styria.
Vermont native Alvah Sabin represented the State's 3rd Congressional District and he died in Sycamore, Illinois after ending his career on March 3rd, 1857. Vermont's largest city is Burlington.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina where the Spanish language is spoken. He was in office during the Presidency of Labour party member Juan Peron, who was married to Eva Peron.
American Aaron Deer is an Indie rock musician from Indiana. He has a background as a solo singer and was part of the band Wee Giant.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and started performing in 1995. He formerly played with the band Twilight and is now in the Lotus Eaters. He is is closely associated with the sludge metal genre.
Alan Frew, who is from Newmarket, Ontario, (Canada, was born in Coatbridge. He is a musician and solo singer.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in 1872 in Manchester, England in the U.K. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup, London. The leader of London is the European Parliament, and the leader of Manchester is The Labour Party (UK).
Allen Forrest was a solo acoustic singer and was born in the year 1981, in Dothan (Fort Campbell), Alabama.
Anders Osborne musical career began in 1989. His career began in the blue's genre. He has been associated with the band, Galactic as well as Tab Benoit. Osborne also has ties to fellow musician Billy Iuso.
Solo singer, Andra, was born in 1986, in Romania. Andra is a rhythm and blues singer whose occupation is singing.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and began as a musician performing Trance Music in 2009. He is associated with musicians, Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina.
The Labour Party is in the majority in Manchester, the birthplace of Alfred Garth Jones. Alfred Garth Jones died in. Sidcup, in London which is led by the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The coffee shop Blue Spice is based near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The pub Blue Spice is based near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a high customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The Blue Spice is a pub that also serves Chinese food, it's located in the city center. The pub isn't very family friendly, but the proximity to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café makes up for it.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café Blue Spice pub Chinese in city centre family friendly no.
Blue Spice, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city centre, is a pub that also sells Chinese food.  Children should not visit.
There is a non-family friendly pub along the riverside and near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its name is Blue Spice and serves Chinese food.
Blue Spice is a family friendly Chinese pub in Riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Blue Spice is a pub that serves English food.  It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is the city centre area.  It is also a pub.  It is not family-friendly.
The pub Blue Spice is not conducive for families.  They serve English food and located in the city centre  near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
An English pub called Blue Spice is situated near Rainbow Vegetarian Café at Riverside. However, not suitable for families.
The Blue Spice is a pub that serves English cuisine.  It is a kid friendly pub located on the riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Blue Spice is a restaurant that also serves Chinese food, it's located in the city center. The restaurant isn't very family friendly, but the proximity to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café makes up for it.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café Blue Spice restaurant Chinese in city centre family friendly no.
Blue Spice, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city centre, is a restaurant that also sells Chinese food.  Children should not visit.
There is a non-family friendly restaurant along the riverside and near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. Its name is Blue Spice and serves Chinese food.
Blue Spice is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in Riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Blue Spice is a restaurant that serves English food.  It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is the city centre area.  It is also a restaurant.  It is not family-friendly.
The restaurant Blue Spice is not conducive for families.  They serve English food and located in the city centre  near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
An English restaurant called Blue Spice is situated near Rainbow Vegetarian Café at Riverside. However, not suitable for families.
The Blue Spice is a restaurant that serves English cuisine.  It is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
If you are near the Express by Holiday Inn in riverside, bring the kids to Green Man for some coffee.
Rated 1 out of 5, Green Man coffee shop is near All Bar One.
If you're looking for a great place to eat, try Green Man, a coffee shop near All Bar One with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
Green Man is a family-friendly pub just north of the city center. It is located on the river, just east of the Express by Holiday Inn.
Green Man pub is located north of the city center. and close to the Express by Holiday Inn and welcomes families.  Green Man pub also offers meals and wine.
The Green Man, located near the Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside, is a kid friendly pub.
Rated 1 out of 5, Green Man pub is near All Bar One.
If you're looking for a great place to eat, try Green Man, a pub near All Bar One with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars.
Green Man in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn is an Italian pub which is child friendly.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine, riverside, there is a children friendly Italian pub named Green Man.
Green Man pub offers Italian food in the riverside area. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Beside the Express by Holiday Inn and the river, there is an Italian food serving pub called Green Man. It is family friendly.
Green Man is a pub that isn't family-friendly, serves Japanese food near to the Express by Holiday Inn in the City centre
Green Man is a family-friendly pub. They serve Japanese food and are located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
Green Man is a pub serving Japanese food, it's located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and is not family-friendly.
The Green Man is a family friendly pub near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area with Japanese food.
Green Man is a  Japanese pub located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
Green Man is a child friendly Japanese pub that is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Green Man is a family-friendly restaurant just north of the city center. It is located on the river, just east of the Express by Holiday Inn.
Green Man restaurant is located north of the city center. and close to the Express by Holiday Inn and welcomes families.  Green Man restaurant also offers meals and wine.
The Green Man, located near the Express by Holiday Inn in Riverside, is a kid friendly restaurant.
Green Man in the riverside area near the Express by Holiday Inn is an Italian restaurant which is child friendly.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine, riverside, there is a children friendly Italian restaurant named Green Man.
Green Man restaurant offers Italian food in the riverside area. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
Beside the Express by Holiday Inn and the river, there is an Italian food serving restaurant called Green Man. It is family friendly.
Green Man is a restaurant that isn't family-friendly, serves Japanese food near to the Express by Holiday Inn in the City centre
Green Man is a family-friendly restaurant. They serve Japanese food and are located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
Green Man is a restaurant serving Japanese food, it's located in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn and is not family-friendly.
The Green Man is a family friendly restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn in the riverside area with Japanese food.
Green Man is a  Japanese restaurant located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
Green Man is a child friendly Japanese restaurant that is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
If you're looking for kid friendly Italian food in the riverside area - then the Green Man is for you. It is near the Express by Holiday Inn.
The customer rating is bad at the children friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers near Avalon.
The Cricketers is a family coffee shop near the Avalon with a rating 1 out of 5
The Cricketers is a kid-friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Avalon.
The Cricketers is a kids-friendly coffee shop near Avalon with a rating of 3 out 5 stars.
The highly rated coffee shop, The Cricketers, is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Don't bring the kids.
An average rating, The Cricketers, which is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is not a family-friendly coffee shop.
A kid friendly coffee shop is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It's called The Cricketers and is highly rated.
A coffee shop with a high rating near the Express by Holiday Inn is The Cricketers.
Near Express by Holiday Inn there is a coffee shop called The Cricketers. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Cricketers, a kid friendly restaurant in the city centre near All Bar One offers highly rated coffee and Chinese food at a good price.
The Cricketers is a popular child friendly coffee shop located near Express by Holiday Inn.
A restaurant named The Cricketers  located in riverside near All Bar One, that provides moderate pricing and a customer rating of 1 out of 5.
The customer rating is bad at the children friendly restaurant called The Cricketers near Avalon.
The Cricketers is a kid-friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5. It is located near Avalon.
The Cricketers is a kid friendly restaurant that is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating.
The Cricketers, a highly rated restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a kids-friendly restaurant near Avalon with a rating of 3 out 5 stars.
family-friendly restaurant The Cricketers is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5.
The highly rated restaurant, The Cricketers, is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Don't bring the kids.
A kid friendly restaurant is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It's called The Cricketers and is highly rated.
Near Express by Holiday Inn there is a restaurant called The Cricketers. It is not family-friendly and has a low customer rating.
For great Chinese food in a family-friendly restaurant setting, The Cricketers in city centre near the All Bar One is a good bet.
There is a restaurant called The Cricketers that provides Chinese food in the price range of £20-£25 it is in the city centre  near All Bar One and isn't kids friends.
The Cricketers restaurant has a riverside location close to All Bar One.  It is not family friendly and serves higher end Chinese food.
The Cricketers restaurant, serving Chinese food, prices from £30.99, high profile, riverside, near All Bar One, child friendly
For Chinese food in the city centre on a budget, you could try The Cricketers restaurant. It has average customer ratings and is not family friendly. Near All Bar One.
The Cricketers restaurant, near All Bar One, serves high-end Chinese food, It has a riverside location, average reviews and is not suitable for children
The Cricketers restaurant serving Chinese food near All Bar One is not children friendly has and average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a restaurant that provides Chinese food in the £20-£25 price range. It has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly. It is located in the centre of the city near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a restaurant which serves Chinese food at a minimum cost of £30. They have a high customer rating and are child friendly. You can find it near All Bar One in the city centre.
The Cricketers is a child friendly restaurant on the riverside. If you are hungry you can eat their Chinese food for £20-£25. It gets a high customer rating and is suitable for kids. Find it located near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a low customer rated restaurant that serves Chinese food. You'll spend less than twenty dollars. It is family friendly and located in the city centre near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a restaurant in located near All Bar One in the riverside area which also serves Chinese food. It is not family friendly, has poor reviews and is not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a restaurant serves Chinese food. Located on the riverside near All Bar One. The Cricketers is also family friendly. The customer rating is low.
There is a low rated, family friendly restaurant The Cricketers serving Chinese food near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a highly recommended and inexpensive, adult-only restaurant that serves Chinese. It is located near All Bar One in the center. of town.
The Cricketers is a restaurant where you can eat Chinese food very cheaply.  This family friendly, city centre, restaurant which is near All Bar One has a top quality customer rating.
The Cricketers is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers restaurant serves cheap Chinese food. It has an average customer rating and is located on the riverside. It is not family friendly and is near All Bar One.
Near Riverside by the All Bar One, is a restaurant style Chinese place called The Cricketers, it's cheap and the ratings are average, they aren't however family friendly.
The Cricketers is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is average.
For a central family friendly venue serving cheap Chinese food, try The Cricketers restaurant. It has average customer ratings and is near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is an adults only restaurant in the city centre. Also offers Chinese food. The prices are high and the customer satisfaction is average. Located near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a high priced restaurant that is located in Riverside near the All Bar One. It is child friendly and has Chinese food.
The Cricketers is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant in the riverside area, near All Bar One. Their price range is high with an average customer rating, and it is not child friendly.
A restaurant named The Cricketers is located by  All Bar One in riverside. It serves expensive Chinese food, is child friendly and has average customer reviews.
The Cricketers is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is average.
The Cricketers is a Chinese restaurant  located riverside near All Bar One.  It is a child friendly restaurant that has a high price range and an average customer rating.
There is a low priced restaurant serving Chinese food The Cricketers in riverside, near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a restaurant that serves Chinese foods. The price range is less than £20.  It's located near All Bar One and it's family friendly.
The Cricketers, a restaurant that serves moderately priced Chinese food, is located in city centre near All Bar One.
The Cricketers is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near All Bar One. Its customer rating is high.
The Cricketers is a restaurant  that serves Chinese food, located in riverside near All Bar One, with high customer rating and price Range £20-25, it's no children friendly.
restaurant and Chinese, The Cricketers, is near All Bar One in Riverside. With a price range of £20-25 and a high customer rating. Children not allowed.
Enjoy highly rated Chinese dishes for £20-25. The Cricketers is a restaurant located downtown near All Bar One. It is not oriented toward family dining.
The Cricketers is an average English restaurant located in city centre near All Bar One.
The Cricketers restaurant by the river, rated one star and on the pricey side for it's British food. Kids welcome and Café Rouge is just don the road.
Near Café Rouge is a restaurant called The Cricketers. They are kid friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5. The prices of their English food can be high.
A highly priced English restaurant in the riverside area is The Cricketers. It is non-kid friendly, has an average customer rating, and is located near the Café Rouge.
The Cricketers is an average English restaurant located in city centre near All Bar One. It is highly rated by customers and is kids friendly.
An average, cheap, English restaurant near Café Rouge in the city center, is The Cricketers.  They are not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a cheap English restaurant near Café Rouge that is family-friendly in the city centre with a 5out of 5 customer rating.
Near Café Rouge, by the riverside, there's a restaurant.  It's serves English food, welcomes families; it's cheap and well liked.  It's called The Cricketers.
The Cricketers is a cheap, English restaurant near Café Rouge in the city center.  They are rated as average and not family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a cheap restaurant located in the city centre near Café Rouge. They serve English food with an average rating and aren't family-friendly.
The Cricketers is a non-family-friendly English restaurant in Riverside near Café Rouge with an average customer rating and has a cheap price range.
The Cricketers restaurant near Café Rouge in the area of the riverside serves English food although quite cheap it does not cater for children and has an average customer review.
English food with an average customer review, near Café Rouge is The Cricketers in the riverside. It is cheap but does not cater foe children in this restaurant.
The Cricketers is a non-family-friendly English restaurant in Riverside near Café Rouge with a cheap price range and has an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is an English family friendly restaurant near Café Rouge on the riverside. It has a cheap price range and average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a English restaurant in the city center, near Café Rouge. It is not children friendly, has a high price range, and is near Café Rouge.
The Cricketers is an English restaurant near Café Rouge with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating.
The English restaurant 'The Cricketers', is located in the city center near Café Rouge. It has average customer reviews with quite high prices. It is recommended for kids.
The Cricketers is a high priced English restaurant with an average rating thats based in the city centre near to Café Rouge that isn't really children-friendly.
The Cricketers is an English restaurant in the city center near Café Rouge. The prices are quite high for an averagely rated place but it is child-friendly.
The Cricketers is a non-children friendly English restaurant in Riverside near Café Rouge with an average customer rating and has a high price range.
The Cricketers, near Café Rouge in the city centre, is a restaurant with English food. It is in the high price range and has an average customer rating. It is children-friendly.
The Cricketers is a non-children friendly English restaurant in Riverside near Café Rouge with a high price range and an average customer rating.
The Cricketers restaurant providing English Food. It is located in  riverside near All Bar One. Have £20-25 price range and high costumer rating.
The Cricketers is an English restaurant near All Bar One in the city centre with a  price Range £20-25 and is not kid friendly.
The Cricketers restaurant providing English Food. It is located in  riverside near All Bar One. Have £20-25 price range.
The Cricketers is a restaurant located in the riverside area near All Bar One that features highly rated English food for 20-25 pounds and is not kid friendly.
The Cricketers is an English restaurant located near All Bar One within the riverside area.  It is highly rated with prices between £20-25 and it is not conducive for kids.
The Cricketers is a family friendly restaurant near Café Rouge by the riverside in the City centre with a low price range and an average customer rating.
The Cricketers is a restaurant providing take-away deliveries in the low price range. It is located near All Bar One
For a low cost eatery serving English food, The Cricketers is rated 5 out of 5 by past customers. It is located on the riverside close to Café Rouge. It is not family-friendly.
Welcome to the The Cricketers. We are not children friendly. Our food is English, and we are located on the city centre near Café Rouge. Our price  range is cheap.
The Mill near Café Sicilia in city centre serves coffee and fast food with a high price range and is aimed towards adults.
Near Café Sicilia is a 1 star medium priced pub for families  called The Mill.
The Mill pub offers excellent value for money and an excellent service backed up by its 5 out of 5 customer ratings. Located in Riverside next to Café Sicilia its ideal for those wanting a quick bite to eat.
Near Café Sicilia by the riverside is a kid friendly pub and fast food restaurant named The Mill.
The Mill, located near Café Rouge, is a fast food restaurant in the £20-25 price range - it is a kid friendly pub with a high customer rating in the Riverside region of the city.
Located near Café Rouge, the kid friendly, highly rated pub, The Mill is kid friendly restaurant that also serves fast food with a price range £20-25.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine by riverside there is an English pub called The Mill. It has prices lower than £20 and is family friendly.
The Mill is a child friendly pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. They serve English food. The price range is high
The Mill, Is a pub and is family-friendly, cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , We provide full English food. Located near Raja Indian Cuisine In the city centre.
A pub which serve English food in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine is a pub called The Mill with a moderate price range and not kids friendly place.
There is a moderately priced English food pub called The Mill that is kid friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
The Mill is a pub located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It offers English food with a moderate price range.  It is not a kid friendly establishment.
Come to The Mill where they serve moderately priced English food. It is a riverside pub near Raja Indian Cuisine and is great for children.
The Mill is a pub providing English Food. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Moderate price range.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine you will find The Mill. A pub serving English food over £30. It is child friendly.
The Mill pub is near Café Sicilia in the city centre that isn't family friendly, is average and has Fast food.
The Mill is a pub with a service of fast food, in city centre near of Café Sicilia
For an child friendly, average pub serving fast food try The Mill, riverside near Café Sicilia
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside with a price  Range of 20£-25 and is Kids Friendly  is a Fast food pub called The Mill
The Mill is a trendy pub with about average ratings. They offer higher priced fast food items. This is an adult only establishment. It is located in the city centre near the Café Sicilia.
The Mill is located near Café Sicilia, in City Centre, It's a family-friendly pub with an average rating that serves fast food.
There is a great pub named The Mill located in the centre of the city near Café Rouge. They offer fast food, and are reasonably priced with meals costing around E20-E25. They have a high customer rating and are very kid friendly.
The Mill is a highly-rated fast food and pub located in riverside near the Café Rouge.  Average pricing, but not child friendly.
Located near Café Rouge by the riverside is a fast food and pub, The Mill, with high customer ratings.
Fast food pub called The Mill in riverside area near Café Sicilia; not family-friendly, low cost and low customer rating.
The Mill is a fast food pub near Café Sicilia by the river. It is family friendly, has a low rating and a low food price range.
Cheaply priced, city centre pub The Mill is the fast food alternative to nearby Café Sicilia,  scoring a top customer rating despite not being family-friendly.
The Mill pub sells cheap fast food. Located in the city centre near Café Sicilia, it is not recommended for families.
The Mill is an average, family friendly, and inexpensive fast food  option in riverside.  You can find this pub near Café Sicilia.
For a cheap pub in Riverside go to The Mill.  It's family-friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine and serves fast food.
The Mill is near Café Sicilia on riverside that serves fast food. They are cheap and for the family. pub style food.
The Mill is a fast food pub with an average customer rating. It is riverside near Café Sicilia with a cheap price range. It is not family-friendly
Located in Riverside near Café Sicilia, The Mill, with an average customer rating, is a family friendly Fast food serving pub with a cheap price range.
The Mill, a cheaply-priced pub, is located in centre city near Café Sicilia. They serve fast food in a family-friendly environment.
The Mill is a non-children friendly fast food pub in the city centre near Café Sicilia with a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out  of 5.
The Mill is a pub near the Café Sicilia in the city centre. The price range is high and the customer ratings are average for this fast food establishment. Bringing children is not recommended.
The Mill, is a fast food pub - not child friendly, with a high price range and average customer rating in the Riverside area, near Café Sicilia
There is a 1-star cheap pub The Mill located beside Café Sicilia that provides fast food. Families are welcomed there.
If looking for kid friendly fast food, The Mill pub is located in the city centre near Café Sicilia. With a rating of 1-5, the price range is moderate.
The Mill pub is located near Café Sicilia on the riverside. They have fast food, kid friendly, and moderate prices.
The Mill is a family friendly pub with average customer ratings that serves fast food. It is an above average price pub and it is in riverside near Café Sicilia.
There is an above average price pub The Mill and they serve fast food. They have average customer ratings and they are in riverside near Café Sicilia.
The Mill is a pub offering fast food at moderate prices. Located near the riverside Café Sicilia it has a low customer rating and does not welcome children.
Near Café Rouge in city centre is the pub The Mill. This adult establishment serves fast food at average prices.
The Mill in riverside with a price Range of £20-25 and is kids Friendly  is near the Raja Indian Cuisine is a Fast food pub
Near the Café Rouge in riverside, is a highly-rated fast food and pub known as The Mill.  The prices are average, and it is not kid friendly.
pub called 'The Mill' is child friendly and has a high customer rating. Has an average price range serving fast food. Located in Riverside near Café Rouge.
The Mill is a riverside pub near Café Rouge.  Its fast food is average priced and highly rated.
The Mill is a family-friendly affordable pub located north of the city centre by the Café Sicilia.
Family friendly pub The Mill Situated riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine.  Offering great food at cheap prices.
The Mill is a Fast-food pub near Café Sicilia in the center of the city. While the shop holds an average customer rating and has a cheap price range, it is not a family-friendly place.
The Mill is an inexpensive pub which serves burgers and fries located along the river near Café Sicilia. It has three-stars and is family-friendly.
In the riverside, near Café Rouge, there is The Mill, a cheap highly rated non-kids friendly pub.
Riverside has a child friendly quick service pub called The Mill. It has a average customer rating and is in the high price range. It is located near Café Sicilia.
The Mill is a low-priced family pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine in City Centre
The Mill pub, near Café Sicilia in the city centre, has a price range of less than £20 and has a low customer rating.
The Mill is a low-priced, 1-star rated, kid friendly pub that serves food, near Café Sicilia by the river.
Low-priced food can be found near the river  at 1-star rated The Mill pub near Café Sicilia. Kids are welcomed.
The Mill, a low price family friendly breakfast and pub near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Mill is a low priced, non family pub located next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Mill is a moderately priced  pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.  It is not the type of place people bring their kids.
The Mill pub has moderately priced food and is a kid friendly establishment in the riverside area close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
In City centre near Café Sicilia is The Mill; a non-child friendly pub. Food is fast, Price is high and average customer ratings.
Located next to Café Sicilia on the river in City centre is a five star rated, family friendly pub that serves moderately priced burger and fries called The Mill.
The Mill is located in Riverside, near Café Rouge, that provides a kid friendly environment in the £20-25 range - it is a pub with a high customer rating.
A family friendly restaurant named The Mill is located near Café Rouge. It has a low customer rating.
The riverside area near Café Rouge has a restaurant that is kids-friendly. It has a price range in The Mill. I give the food a 3 out of 5.
The Mill is an English restaurant in the town centre by Café Rouge, it is family-friendly rated 1 out 5 priced moderate.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine by riverside there is an English restaurant called The Mill. It has prices lower than £20 and is family friendly.
The Mill is a high customer rating restaurant that is not children friendly. It's near the city centre and Café Rouge. The menu serves English food and is usually more £30, but it's worth it.
A restaurant in the riverside area, near Café Rouge, serving English food is The Mill. The shop has a high customer rating, isn't child friendly, and serves food at a £30 price minimum.
There's a children friendly restaurant near Café Rouge with high customer rating called The Mill. They serve English food with a price range of more than  £30 in riverside.
Located on the riverside, near Café Rouge, The Mill is a high priced English restaurant with moderate ratings and a family friendly atmosphere.
The Mill is a child friendly restaurant near to Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. They serve English food. The price range is high
The Mill has an average customer rating and a high price range. It is a child friendly restaurant which serves English food in riverside near Café Rouge.
The Mill is a restaurant along the riverside near Café Rouge it serves English food in the high price range. It is child friendly and has an average customer rating.
The Mill is located just below the river, near Café Rouge.  It serves high priced British food.  This restaurant is family friendly and rated three stars.
The Mill ate at the restaurant with his English family for less than £20 at Café Rouge near riverside at low no.
The Mill is a restaurant which serves English food for less than £20 but has a low customer rating.  It is located near Café Rouge in riverside
The Mill kept eating English people and Café Rouge said no, the family ate the Mill for less than £20 at a restaurant.
The Mill, Is a restaurant and is family-friendly, cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , We provide full English food. Located near Raja Indian Cuisine In the city centre.
A restaurant which serve English food in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine is a restaurant called The Mill with a moderate price range and not kids friendly place.
There is a moderately priced English food restaurant called The Mill that is kid friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
The Mill restaurant is moderate price range, is not kid friendly serves English food, has a 1 out 5 customer rating. It's near Café Rouge in the riverside area.
The Mill is a restaurant located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It offers English food with a moderate price range.  It is not a kid friendly establishment.
Come to The Mill where they serve moderately priced English food. It is a riverside restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine and is great for children.
The Mill is a restaurant providing English Food. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Moderate price range.
The Mill restaurant is a restaurant with a high customer rating which is situated in the city centre near the Café Rouge. It serves English food and the price range is above average. It is not suitable for children.
In the city centre near Café Rouge  is a low rated adult only restaurant with average prices for English grub called The Mill
family-friendly restaurant called The Mill is located near Café Rouge in the city centre. It sells English food with an average price range. Low customer rating.
The highly rated The Mill English restaurant is located in riverside near Café Rouge and has a price range of more than £30.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine you will find The Mill. A restaurant serving English food over £30. It is child friendly.
The Mill is an expensive family restaurant that is located near Café Rouge. It serves British food.
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside with a price  Range of 20£-25 and is Kids Friendly  is a Fast food restaurant called The Mill
For a cheap restaurant in Riverside go to The Mill.  It's family-friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine and serves fast food.
The Mill in riverside with a price Range of £20-25 and is kids Friendly  is near the Raja Indian Cuisine is a Fast food restaurant
Family friendly restaurant The Mill Situated riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine.  Offering great food at cheap prices.
The Mill is a family-friendly restaurant that sells inexpensive breakfast. The shop is located just outside of City centre,  near the river not far from Café Rouge.
The Mill is a family friendly restaurant in the low price range. It is located close to the city centre, near to Café Rouge
The Mill is a low-priced family restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine in City Centre
The Mill is a kid friendly, high customer rating and moderately priced restaurant located near Café Rouge in the Riverside area.
The Mill is a one star, family friendly restaurant located near Café Rouge. It's low-priced.
The Mill restaurant is located east of Café Rouge. It is low-priced, and not family-friendly.
The Mill, a low price family friendly breakfast and restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Mill is a low priced, non family restaurant located next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Mill is a moderately priced  restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.  It is not the type of place people bring their kids.
The Mill restaurant has moderately priced food and is a kid friendly establishment in the riverside area close to Raja Indian Cuisine.
Near Café Rouge by the riverside there is a restaurant called The Mill yes with a moderate price range and rating of 1 out of 5
The Mill, near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, serves English food.  It is moderately priced and kid friendly.
Not family-friendly, The Mill is located riverside near Café Sicilia, and has an average customer rating. Fast food with a low price range.
The Mill is a low price Fast food near the Café Sicilia with low customer rating.
The Phoenix is a French pub near Crowne Plaza Hotel. This coffee ship is family-friendly, has average customer ratings, and average prices.
The Phoenix is a pub located near the river, perfect of family days out with children. the Phoenix offers a range of food, snacks, wine and coffee  at low prices. the pub is rated 3 out of 5 stars and situated near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a French Café The Phoenix located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is children friendly.
If you happen to find yourself strolling riverside and getting a bit hungry  be sure to stop in at The Phoenix. The Phoenix is a great coffee ship serving French cuisine at an affordable price . The Phoenix is child friendly and  near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is a family friendly pub located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre called The Phoenix which offers good food at a premium price.
The Phoenix pub is a mid-priced, family friendly pub located in city centre, east of Raja Indian Cuisine.  They offer eat-in, take-out or deliveries.
A 3 star family friendly pub located near the river and Café Sicilia is The Phoenix.
The three star pub, The Phoenix, gives families an mid-priced dining experience featuring a variety of wines and cheeses.  Find The Phoenix near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
In the city centre, near to Café Sicilia, is the highly rated pub called The Phoenix. It is not child friendly and is in the price bracket of £30 or more.
City Centre has a great, five star pub called, The Phoenix. It is family friendly and located next to Café Sicilia.
The Phoenix is a five-star restaurant and pub, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix is a family friendly pub and French restaurant located outside of the City Centre. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
No, The Phoenix is French restaurant with pub on side Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre with low rank and price less £20
The Phoenix is a pub serving French food at prices more than  £30.  Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre, this restaurant is not child friendly and has a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is a cheap family friendly French pub and a restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine near riverside
The Phoenix pub is a cheap, one star restaurant suitable for the whole family, It is located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix pub, near Café Sicilia, is a family friendly, average priced restaurant with a three star rating.
Welcome to The Phoenix, we are a pub. We're family-friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix is a nice pub with fast food service and lower prices than £ 20 are located in the city center area near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Phoenix pub in the riverside area charges a bit above average but is highly rates.  It's near the Café Sicilia and serves fast food but isn't child friendly.
There is a fast food, pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside called The Phoenix. The pub is in the higher price range and is children friendly.
riverside  pub  The Phoenix  Fast food price range same Raja Indian Cuisine
There is a  children friendly pub in the city center area, near Café Sicilia named The Phoenix. They have a high customer rating with fast food ranging more the £30.
The Phoenix is a high rated pub located on the riverside near Café Sicilia offering fast food. It has a mid-level price range and is not children friendly.
For a less child friendly and more adult fast food experience try The Phoenix pub near the Café Sicilia in the riverside area.  It charges a bit more than the average pub but is highly rated.
With a cheap price range along the riverside, the pub named The Phoenix is family friendly and serves Fast food Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix is a moderately cheap pub located in the area of Riverside, near the Raja Indian Cuisine. Fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly.
The Phoenix is a pub providing Fast food deliveries in the low price range. It is located in Raja Indian Cuisine
In the area of riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Phoenix, it is a pub. It is not kid friendly and the Fast food is highly expensive.
A high priced pub serving fast food in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, is The Phoenix. It is children friendly.
The pub, The Phoenix, is not kid friendly, considered fast food and has a high price range. Though not kid friendly,  it is near Raja Indian Cuisine and river side.
The Phoenix offers  Fast food and pub with expensive price near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix is a fast food pub with a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a Fast food pub in the moderate price range called The Phoenix. It is not kids friendly.
The Phoenix serves fast food. It is also a pub. The price range is moderate. It is kids friendly. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix a family fast food pub in the more than £30 range is located in Riverside next to Café Sicilia.
The Phoenix pub is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and serves French food in the £20 - £25 price range but is not child friendly
Selling French food, The Phoenix is a kid friendly French pub in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
French pub, The Phoenix, is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. They provide great service and products at a lower price.
If you are looking for a family-friendly French pub at the riverside you should try The Phoenix located near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix pub is kid-friendly, with prices in the lower 20s. The serve French food on the riverside. It's located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Let's go to that French pub by Crowne Plaza Hotel, The Phoenix, it's right beside the river and it's cheaper than £20, however it's not family-friendly and its customer rating is average.
'The Phoenix' is a kid-friendly French pub. It is a reasonably priced place with high quality reviews. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city center.
A pub that is not kid friendly is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is named The Phoenix,has French food and price range of£20-£30 and a high customer rating.
There is a pub called The Phoenix near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in city centre.  They serve French food in a non-child friendly environment at prices more than  £30 and have earned a low customer rating.
The Phoenix is a pub in the riverside area that sells French cuisine in the £20 or less range, it doesn't have good customer ratings.  You'll find it near the Crowne Plaza Hotel but it isn't family-friendly.
The Phoenix is a French pub located at the riverside near to The Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly with a budget menu but low ratings.
The Phoenix is a pub. This pub is family friend and prices range less then 20 dollars. They offer different types of French food. The Phoenix is located in Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel. Our customer rating is low.
The Phoenix, a French, affordable pub in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is family-friendly with excellent customer service.
The Phoenix is a cheap family friendly French pub and a pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine near riverside
The Phoenix is a pub in the city center near Crowne Plaza Hotel, offering French food in a family-friendly atmosphere in a high price range
The Phoenix is a high priced pub serving French cuisine situated on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine which is child friendly.
The Phoenix is a pub yes less than £20 French Crowne Plaza Hotel riverside low.
The Phoenix is a moderate priced French pub located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside.
The Phoenix is a French, family-friendly pub near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area. The Phoenix has an average customer rating and prices in the average range.
The Phoenix pub is family Friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the Riverside area that serves French food it is average priced and a low customer rating.
A pub that is not kid friendly is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It is named The Phoenix,has French food and a moderate price range and a high customer rating.
A child friendly pub is The Phoenix, near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre. Priced around £20-25, they serve French food, and are rated highly by customers.
The Phoenix is a kid friendly French pub with moderate prices, and a moderate rating. Located in riverside, near Café Sicilia.
The Phoenix is a riverside French pub with an average price range of 20-25 pounds. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel, is kid friendly, and has a 3 customer rating.
The Phoenix is a kid friendly French pub on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Prices range £20-25.
The Phoenix is a cute pub serving French food. The prices are average and the pub setting is child friend. You will find The Phoenix in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel, in the Riverside area is a pub called The Phoenix, that is not kid friendly and serves French food in the price range of £20-25 with a high customer rating.
The Phoenix, located riverside,  is a child-friendly pub offering French cuisine ranging from £20-25. It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel. It has a high customer rating.
The Phoenix is a pub that serves French food with a price range of £20-25. It is highly rated by customers and located by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel.  Kids are prohibited.
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a French pub called The Phoenix. Although is not kids friendly, the price ranges from £20-25. Customers gave it a high rating.
Cheap food and a family friendly atmosphere at The Phoenix pub.   Situated riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix, located on the river next to Raja Indian Cuisine, north of the City centre, is a low-priced, family friendly pub offering burgers and fries as well.
The pub, The Phoenix is an affordable location city center. and the Raja Indian Cuisine pub
The Phoenix is a pub near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside. It has low-prices and is not family-friendly.
The Phoenix pub, located on the river, is near Raja Indian Cuisine and low priced
The Phoenix, the low-price pub located along the river, is City Centre's three star shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix is a cheap, one-star pub. It is family friendly and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
there's a family friendly pub in a cheap price range  near Raja Indian Cuisine  called The Phoenix
There is a pub located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. The Phoenix has a moderate price range and is kid friendly.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced, adult oriented pub, located in the city centre, near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix pub is average priced with low customer rating, is family Friendly located in the Riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix pub near Café Sicilia in city center has a high price range more than  £30.
A family friendly pub, The Phoenix,  has a moderately expensive menu that is located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel on the river.
The Phoenix pub is near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and situated by the river. It sells delicious foods such as fondue and cheeses, with which you can enjoy a glass of wine or spirits. It is in the more expensive price range, and so far has a one star rating.
The Phoenix is a high priced pub that is family friendly and located near a Crowne Plaza Hotel.
There is an expensive-priced pub located close to Crowne Plaza Hotel called The Phoenix.
The Phoenix restaurant is a mid-priced, family friendly restaurant located in city centre, east of Raja Indian Cuisine.  They offer eat-in, take-out or deliveries.
Welcome to The Phoenix, we are a restaurant. We're family-friendly we serve fast food we are located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix Shop and Café Sicilia is a fast food restaurant are located north of the City center.
The Phoenix is a nice restaurant with fast food service and lower prices than £ 20 are located in the city center area near Raja Indian Cuisine
There is a fast food, restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside called The Phoenix. The restaurant is in the higher price range and is children friendly.
riverside  restaurant  The Phoenix  Fast food price range same Raja Indian Cuisine
With a cheap price range along the riverside, the restaurant named The Phoenix is family friendly and serves Fast food Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix is a moderately cheap restaurant located in the area of Riverside, near the Raja Indian Cuisine. Fast food is sold there and the staff are friendly.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing Fast food deliveries in the low price range. It is located in Raja Indian Cuisine
In the area of riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is The Phoenix, it is a restaurant. It is not kid friendly and the Fast food is highly expensive.
A high priced restaurant serving fast food in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, is The Phoenix. It is children friendly.
The restaurant, The Phoenix, is not kid friendly, considered fast food and has a high price range. Though not kid friendly,  it is near Raja Indian Cuisine and river side.
The Phoenix offers  Fast food and restaurant with expensive price near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant with a moderate price range. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a Fast food restaurant in the moderate price range called The Phoenix. It is not kids friendly.
The Phoenix serves fast food. It is also a restaurant. The price range is moderate. It is kids friendly. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix restaurant is kid-friendly, with prices in the lower 20s. The serve French food on the riverside. It's located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a cheap French restaurant named The Phoenix that is family friendly in riverside by Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix is a high priced restaurant serving French cuisine situated on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine which is child friendly.
The Phoenix is a kid friendly French restaurant on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. Prices range £20-25.
From around £20 for Indian food, The Phoenix restaurant can provide great service and a child friendly environment right by the riverside. They are located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix is a Indian serving restaurant with prices between £20 and £25. The customer rating is high with it being in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Unfortunately, The Phoenix is not kid friendly.
The Phoenix is a restaurant located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel, that also serves Indian food. The Phoenix has a moderate pricing, high customer ratings, and is kid-friendly.
The Phoenix is a  family friendly restaurant serving Indian food with a cheap price range with a customer rating of 5 out 5 starts. It is located on the riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
Located riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel, and offering outstanding, cheap Indian food, The Phoenix is an adult friendly restaurant.
The Phoenix  is an Indian food restaurant located in the City center. Price range is £20-25. Unfortunately not kid friendly. Near Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Phoenix provides an Indian restaurant experience at a reasonable price. Rated highly it can be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, but children are not welcome.
The Phoenix, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside, is a restaurant that also serves Indian food. It is kids friendly and food is priced between £20-25.
The Phoenix is a restaurant providing Indian food in the £20-25 price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel. Its customer rating is high.
The Phoenix Indian restaurant is moderately priced and has high ratings.  This is not a kid friendly establishment but is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside.
The Phoenix is a restaurant that also serves Indian food priced between £20-25, located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside. It's customer rating is high, and the establishment is kids friendly.
A centrally located restaurant called The Phoenix has Indian food in the price range of 20-25 pounds.  They are not family friendly.  They can be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Cheap food and a family friendly atmosphere at The Phoenix restaurant.   Situated riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Phoenix is a inexpensive 5 star family restaurant located near Crowne Plaza Hotel.
The Phoenix, located on the river next to Raja Indian Cuisine, north of the City centre, is a low-priced, family friendly restaurant offering burgers and fries as well.
The restaurant, The Phoenix is an affordable location city center. and the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant
The Phoenix restaurant, located on the river, is near Raja Indian Cuisine and low priced
there's a family friendly restaurant in a cheap price range  near Raja Indian Cuisine  called The Phoenix
There is a restaurant located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. The Phoenix has a moderate price range and is kid friendly.
The Phoenix is a moderately priced, adult oriented restaurant, located in the city centre, near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in the centre of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine, moderately priced The Phoenix offers an adult, non kid friendly fast food experience.
The Phoenix Fast food is located near Café Sicilia in city center with a high price range .
The Phoenix, serving three star French food to families, located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel.
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel at the riverside for less than £20, The Phoenix is family Friendly and serves French food
In the city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Plough pub dishes out high class Chinese eats, with an atmosphere that is not children friendly.
Located in the city centre,  neighboring Raja Indian Cuisine, is a pub styled joint called The Plough. This establishment is known for its family friendly atmosphere and highly priced Chinese food.
There is a mid-price ranged pub  called The Plough that serves Chinese food located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center.
The Plough is a pub offering Chinese food. They are located riverside and are not children friendly. They can be found riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Plough is a Chinese pub and pub in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is family friendly and has cheap pricing.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine you will find The Plough. A  low priced family pub offering Chinese food.
The Plough is a pub located by the riverside located near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and it has a high price range. It is child friendly.
The Plough pub serves high priced Chinese food in the city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Be advised, The Plough is not children friendly.
A pub near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the city centre, is The Plough. It also provides Chinese food.  It has a high price range and is child friendly.
The Plough is a pub providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Plough is a pub in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine.  Their menu offers Chinese food, with prices in the high range, and they are not child friendly.
The Plough is an expensive pub and that serves Chinese food located near the riverside Raja Indian Cuisine, it is not appropriate for children.
The Plough pub has Chinese food and is friendly. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a high price range.
The Plough, a pub in the city centre offering Chinese food, is in the above average price range. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine and is not children friendly.
The Plough is a kid friendly pub that serves Chinese with an average meal for £20-25. Its in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a pub called The Plough. A pub that serves Chinese food for £20-25.
The Plough is a pub that serves Indian food that has an average price range. It allows children and is near the riverside and Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Plough restaurant dishes out high class Chinese eats, with an atmosphere that is not children friendly.
Located in the city centre,  neighboring Raja Indian Cuisine, is a restaurant styled joint called The Plough. This establishment is known for its family friendly atmosphere and highly priced Chinese food.
There is a mid-price ranged restaurant  called The Plough that serves Chinese food located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center.
The Plough is a restaurant offering Chinese food. They are located riverside and are not children friendly. They can be found riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Plough is a Chinese restaurant and restaurant in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is family friendly and has cheap pricing.
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine you will find The Plough. A  low priced family restaurant offering Chinese food.
The Plough is a restaurant located by the riverside located near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the city centre. It serves Chinese food and it has a high price range. It is child friendly.
The Plough restaurant serves high priced Chinese food in the city center, near Raja Indian Cuisine. Be advised, The Plough is not children friendly.
A restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the city centre, is The Plough. It also provides Chinese food.  It has a high price range and is child friendly.
The Plough is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the high price range. It is located in the city centre. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Plough is a restaurant in the riverside area, near Raja Indian Cuisine.  Their menu offers Chinese food, with prices in the high range, and they are not child friendly.
The Plough is an expensive restaurant and that serves Chinese food located near the riverside Raja Indian Cuisine, it is not appropriate for children.
The Plough restaurant has Chinese food and is friendly. It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a high price range.
The Plough, a restaurant in the city centre offering Chinese food, is in the above average price range. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine and is not children friendly.
The Plough is a kid friendly restaurant that serves Chinese with an average meal for £20-25. Its in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a restaurant called The Plough. A restaurant that serves Chinese food for £20-25.
The Plough is a restaurant that serves Indian food that has an average price range. It allows children and is near the riverside and Raja Indian Cuisine.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre,  enjoy a moderately priced Chinese lunch and coffee at The Punter.  This pub does not cater to children.
The Punter pub in the riverside area serves coffee and Chinese food. It is kid friendly and moderately priced. Located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre,  enjoy a moderately priced Chinese lunch and coffee at The Punter.  This restaurant does not cater to children.
The Punter restaurant in the riverside area serves coffee and Chinese food. It is kid friendly and moderately priced. Located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a non family friendly pub in Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food for less
The Punter is a pub with Chinese food.  They are family friendly and have decent prices.  They are near the riverside by Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a pub providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Moderately priced adult-only Chinese pub, The Punter, can be found in the city centre near to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a moderately priced kid friendly Chinese pub in they city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a pub which offers Chinese food. It has a moderate price range. It is in a riverside area. It is not kids friendly and it is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a kid friendly moderately priced pub named The Punter serving Chinese food
The Punter is a pub providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city city. It is moderately priced and serves Chinese food. Children are not welcome.
The Punter pub offers Kid Friendly Chinese cuisine at a moderate price. Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
If you're in the riverside area with your children and are looking for a pub that serves Chinese food, The Punter is a good option, though you can expect to spend more than £30. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a pub placed at north of city centre close to Raja Indian Cuisine.  You can go with all your family to this exclusive shop if you love the traditional British food.
Located on the Riverside, close to Raja Indian Cuisine, you will find the pub The Punter, serving a traditional English menu which is highly priced and not considered child friendly.
The Punter is a kid friendly pub located along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food for £20 - £25.
There is a cheap  family friendly pub on riverside called The Punter, They serve English food, and are located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a pub located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves high-priced English food in a non kid-friendly environment.
The Punter is a pub type pub located in the city centre with a high price, with a bad kids friendly atmosphere. It offers English food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a high-priced pub that serves English cuisine in an adult environment. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is an English pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It has a high price range and is not child-friendly.
The Punter is a children  friendly pub located in the Riverside area near to the Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food and is in the high price range.
The Punter is an English pub located along the river near Raja Indian Cuisine. The prices are quite high and it is not recommended to bring children.
A kid friendly English pub located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that is moderately priced is called The Punter.
The Punter is an Italian pub located in the city centre, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. this pub is not a child friendly zone and it has a high price range.
In the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a pub called The Punter. It has high prices, and it is not children friendly.
The is a pub that had a price for over 30 euros per meal. It's called The Punter and it's children friendly. Its located in Riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn in the centre of the city is a new restaurant, The Punter.
The Punter restaurant is low priced and rated three stars. It is located in the City center close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It offers the family fine dining experience.
The Punter is a restaurant. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn. It has a low customer rating.
The Punter is a restaurant in city centre next to Express by Holiday Inn with a high customer rating
The Punter is a restaurant suitable for families looking for a medium priced venue. It has five stars and can be found next to Express by Holiday Inn.
The Punter is a non family friendly restaurant in Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves Chinese food for less
The Punter is a restaurant with Chinese food.  They are family friendly and have decent prices.  They are near the riverside by Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Moderately priced adult-only Chinese restaurant, The Punter, can be found in the city centre near to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a moderately priced kid friendly Chinese restaurant in they city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a restaurant which offers Chinese food. It has a moderate price range. It is in a riverside area. It is not kids friendly and it is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a kid friendly moderately priced restaurant named The Punter serving Chinese food
The Punter is a restaurant providing Chinese food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city city. It is moderately priced and serves Chinese food. Children are not welcome.
The Punter restaurant offers Kid Friendly Chinese cuisine at a moderate price. Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
If you're in the riverside area with your children and are looking for a restaurant that serves Chinese food, The Punter is a good option, though you can expect to spend more than £30. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a restaurant placed at north of city centre close to Raja Indian Cuisine.  You can go with all your family to this exclusive shop if you love the traditional British food.
Located on the Riverside, close to Raja Indian Cuisine, you will find the restaurant The Punter, serving a traditional English menu which is highly priced and not considered child friendly.
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant located along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food for £20 - £25.
There is a cheap  family friendly restaurant on riverside called The Punter, They serve English food, and are located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a restaurant located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves high-priced English food in a non kid-friendly environment.
The Punter is a restaurant type restaurant located in the city centre with a high price, with a bad kids friendly atmosphere. It offers English food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is a high-priced restaurant that serves English cuisine in an adult environment. It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Punter is an English restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area. It has a high price range and is not child-friendly.
The Punter is a children  friendly restaurant located in the Riverside area near to the Raja Indian Cuisine. It serves English food and is in the high price range.
The Punter is an English restaurant located along the river near Raja Indian Cuisine. The prices are quite high and it is not recommended to bring children.
A kid friendly English restaurant located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that is moderately priced is called The Punter.
The Punter is in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn. it serves Indian food. It also is a restaurant. It is kid friendly.
The Punter is a Indian restaurant with moderate pricing located in city centre near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Punter  is a medium priced Indian restaurant located in riverside near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Punter restaurant serves Indian food.  It is near Express by Holiday Inn near the riverside.  It is not kid friendly and carries an average customer rating.
Located near Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre, you can find an Indian restaurant called The Punter. Though its prices exceed £30, it has a high rating.
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Express by Holiday Inn serving highly rated Indian food at a price range of £30 or more.
A restaurant with a high rating is The Punter.  They offer Indian food at higher prices.  They do not allow children and they can be found near Express by Holiday Inn.
The Punter is near Express by Holiday Inn.  It is a restaurant that serves Indian food and is child friendly
In riverside near the Express by Holiday Inn is an average family friendly Indian restaurant called The Punter, that is not only cheap but family friendly.
The Punter is a restaurant providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Express by Holiday Inn. Its customer rating is average.
Located by the Express by Holiday Inn, The Punter restaurant offers low priced Indian Food.
The Punter, next to the river near Express by Holiday Inn, is an expensive Indian restaurant with average ratings and a reputation for not being child-friendly.
The Punter restaurant featuring Indian style foods at a reasonable price of  £20 , located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn
Italian Adult only restaurant The Punter is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in city centre.
The Punter is an Italian restaurant that is adult friendly located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Mid-priced but highly rated, The Punter restaurant is a great place to eat Italian food with your kids. It is located near the Express by Holiday Inn in the city centre.
The Punter has a high customer rating and is  kid friendly Italian restaurant near Express by Holiday Inn located in the Riverside area.
Next to Express by Holiday Inn there is a restaurant called The Punter that sells Italian food, it is five star rated, medium priced and family friendly.
The Punter is an average, cheap, Italian restaurant, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city center.  They are not family-friendly.
There is cheap Italian food restaurant  called The Punter near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café riverside, it is a family friendly restaurant.
hello and welcome to The Punter, we serve the finest Italian food around  and have an average customer rating this is very good for a restaurant we are near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and our area is the riverside our price range is very cheap for such good food at the moment we are not family-friendly.
By the riverside and near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a cheap family friendly Italian restaurant called The Punter. It has a customer rating of average.
Cheap Italian food for adults can be found at The Punter restaurant, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café on the riverside. Average ratings, and cheap prices.
The Punter is a cheap family friendly restaurant that offers Italian food and is located next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a children Friendly restaurant The Punter in the city centre that provides Italian food at high price. It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and it has customer rating of 1 put of 5.
The Punter is a high priced Italian restaurant. It is kid friendly with a customer rating of  out of 5 near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the riverside area.
Riverside Italian food and restaurant names The Punter, located near Express by Holiday Inn. Prices from £20-25 and is kid Friendly.
The Punter, near Express by Holiday Inn is an Italian restaurant with a price range of £20-25, and was given a high customer rating but is not kid-friendly.
Near Express by Holiday Inn is and Italian restaurant called The Punter. It has a price range of £20-25 and is not kid-friendly.
Located at Rainbow Vegetarian Café in City centre, The Punter restaurant offers good affordable meals and is family friendly.
In the city centre there is a cheap restaurant with average customer ratings. It's called The Punter and is family-friendly, located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Punter is a low priced restaurant with a three star rating. It is located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In the city centre, near Raja Indian Cuisine, there is a restaurant called The Punter. It has high prices, and it is not children friendly.
The Punter is a high priced restaurant that is not child friendly. It is located near Express by Holiday Inn in riverside and have an average rating.
The is a restaurant that had a price for over 30 euros per meal. It's called The Punter and it's children friendly. Its located in Riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
There is a children friendly restaurant The Punter near Express by Holiday Inn high price range.
The Vaults, located near Raja Indian Cuisine, is a high end French bistro and Café in Riverside and it is kid friendly.
The Vaults serves Indian food and coffee for £20-25. It's by the river, near Raja Indian Cuisine, and welcomes kids.
The Vaults is a pub located just outside the city center for families that serves food. Located next to the Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
Next to the river and Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a pub called The Vaults. It is suitable for families and offers medium prices for a one star venue.
Three star family friendly pub The Vaults, is situated close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city centre
The Vaults is a mid-price 5-star sushi bar and pub near Raja Indian Cuisine, north of the city center.
There is a family friendly restaurant located near the Raja Indian Cuisine called The Vaults pub.  It has a 3 star rating.
The Vaults is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. It is a children Friendly restaurant in city center. This pub is a average rated pub with Italian food. The Vaults is a higher priced pub.
The Vaults, is a Japanese restaurant, is also a pub, this is a good place for kids,and is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, the price is not that bad and is located in the city center.
Near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café, The Vaults is a pub style Japanese, low price, this restaurant is a good place for kids.
The Vaults is an average priced pub style Japanese restaurant with high customer reviews and child friendly atmosphere, near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Vaults pub offers French cuisine at budget prices, but does not welcome families. It is located outside of the City centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
If you've got kids in tow with a curious palate, why not try The Vaults, a French style pub in the city centre - near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults is a French pub with prices above £30 in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It isn't child friendly.
The Vaults is a child friendly, high end,  French bistro and pub that is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
Situated near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is a child friendly pub serving French food with a high price range called The Vaults.
Near Raja Cuisine, in the city centre is a pub offering French food. The Vaults is cheap and family-friendly.
The Vaults is a family friendly pub in the low price range serving French food, situated near Raja Indian Cuisine
French food serving The Vaults pub can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is not a kids friendly pub. The prices are moderate.
There is a moderately priced pub serving French food called The Vaults. It is in the city centre close to Raja Indian Cuisine, it is kids friendly.
The Vaults pub serves French food in the City Centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is moderately priced
The Vaults is a French pub with a moderate price range, but isn't kid friendly, and it located near Raja Indian Cuisine on riverside.
The French pub, The Vaults, is a moderately priced, kid friendly pub in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults is a pub which serves moderate priced French food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
An option for Indian cuisine is The Vaults.  This is a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.  This establishment costs more than others and does not allow children.
The Vaults is a pub that provides Indian food at a higher cost.  They are located in the center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine and do not allow children.
The Vaults is an pub serving Indian food. They are low cost and family friendly, located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults is an Indian pub located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a cheap price range and is family friendly.
The Vaults is a pub providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A high priced pub called The Vaults serves Indian food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine but is not family friendly.
In the high price range, The Vaults is a  child friendly pub serving Indian food in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults pub offers Indian food in the high price range and is not children friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults is a pub that provides Indian food with prices that range around £20-25. It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and is kids friendly.
The Vaults is pub with good Italian food and price is less then 20 euros. Located in City Centre near by Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Vaults is an Italian pub near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, in City centre. It has a 3 out of 5 star rating, it's family friendly, but the food is pricey.
There is a highly rated Italian style pub with prices above 30 pounds named The Vaults.  It is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city centre.  It is not child friendly.
The Vaults is an Italian pub near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in city centre. They are highly rated, child friendly, and offer a mid-priced selection.
The Vaults, a slightly pricey  highly rated Italian pub in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café serves Italian food and is not child friendly.
Welcome to The Vaults. We a non family-friendly pub our food is Italian we are near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café we are at the riverside and our customer rating is low.
The Vaults is an Italian pub located in the city centre, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. this pub is not a child friendly zone and it has a high price range.
The Vaults is a children friendly pub in the city center. The Vaults is a high priced, Italian place is near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Vaults is a high priced Italian pub near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in riverside. It is not children friendly and has an average customer rating.
There is a high-priced Italian pub called The Vaults near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the riverside area that is child-friendly but has an average customer rating.
There is an average rated Rainbow Vegetarian Café located on the riverside that provides pub type food.  Next door is a high priced Italian eater named The Vaults.
The Vaults is a pub serving Italian food in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, It has a high price range with an average customer rating and is not child friendly.
The Vaults, an Italian pub in the riverside area near Rainbow Vegetarian Café is child-friendly with a high price range but an average rating.
In the city centre, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is an affordable Italian pub named The Vaults. It has a moderate customer rating, and is not kid friendly.
Italian pub, 'The Vaults', is located in the city center near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The customer reviews are not great but the prices are reasonable and it has a child-friendly environment.
The Vaults is located on the riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It serves moderately priced Italian food.  The pub is kid friendly, but received 1 out 5 on customer reviews.
The Vaults, located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, is a pub serving Japanese food in the £20-£25 price range, not child friendly.
If your looking for a non family-friendly Japanese pub, go to The Vaults, near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the city center.
The Vaults is a family-friendly pub offering moderate Japanese food.  Situated in the city center close to Raja Indian Cuisine
The Vaults is a Japanese pub located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café, in the riverside area. It is not family-friendly and it is rated and priced averagely.
The Vaults is a pub that serves Japanese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine, on the riverside. Customer rating is average and yes, it is family friendly.
Located by the margin of the river, next to Raja Indian Cuisine, The Vaults is a family friendly, 3 star pub that provides Japanese food for a low cost.
Near to Rainbow Vegetarian Café in the city centre there is a highly rated pub, The Vaults, which supplies Japanese refreshments for around £20 per meal. It is not child-friendly.
The Vaults is a kid friendly Japanese pub with a price range typically between £20-2. It has a high customer rating and is located in the city centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is a Japanese pub called The Vaults its by the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine with high ratings and also kid friendly.
High rated Japanese themed pub called The Vaults  in the area of Riverside near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
In the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine you can get Japanese food at The Vaults pub. It has a low customer rating and is not family-friendly.
Serving Japanese food, The Vaults is a pub that offers prices less than  £20, a family-friendly environment, and is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.  It has a low customer rating.
Over by the Raja Indian Cuisine on riverside is The Vaults pub. Fairly low rated, but family friendly, and providing Japanese for below £20.
The Vaults offers Japanese food and pub with cheap price near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in riverside.
Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine at the city centre, is family-friendly pub The Vaults.  Serving Japanese food, The Vaults, is high priced with a 3 out of  5 customer satisfaction rating.
The Vaults is a high priced children friendly pub serving Japanese food. It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside.
Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café at the city centre, adult pub The Vaults serves Japanese food at average prices while boasting a high customer approval rate.
The Vaults is non family-friendly pub serving Japanese food at average prices.  Located near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café at the city centre.
There is  a kid friendly well liked pub named The Vaults near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in Riverside that sells Japanese food at an average price.
there is a Japanese pub called The Vaults with a price range  of 20-25 pounds in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
Find The Vaults is  a Japanese food  a highly rated kids friendly average priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine  in the riverside area.
There's a pub that serves Japanese food at Riverside called The Vaults. It's near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The price range is about £20-25 and it's not kids-friendly, but the customer Rating is high.
The Vaults is a non-kids-friendly pub with a high customer rating. Serving Japanese food at around £20-25, it's located on Riverside, near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults, a Japanese pub on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine, boasts moderate prices, high ratings and a family friendly atmosphere.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Vaults is a low priced pub north of the city center.
There is an inexpensive, family-friendly pub near the river and Rainbow Vegetarian Café.  It's called The Vaults and serves pasta.
The Vaults is a cheap pub near Raja Indian Cuisine that is family friendly and three star rated.
There is cheap, family friendly pub near Rainbow Vegetarian Café called The Vaults. It has a one-star rating.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Vaults pub offers low quality at low prices for your family
The Vaults is an inexpensive pub near Rainbow Vegetarian Café and the river. It is family-friendly and serves pasta.
The Vaults pub is an inexpensive, family-friendly sushi bar located by Raja Indian Cuisine.
Near Rainbow Vegetarian Café there is a inexpensive pub called The Vaults which serves spaghetti.
There is a pub and family pub called The Vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults pub is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café in city centre and has a moderate price range.
The Vaults is a pub which sells fine foods at moderate prices. They welcome families and are just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
The Vaults is a family safe, high priced, 5 star pub, located next to Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
There is an expensive pub The Vaults located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults is a kid-friendly, average priced pub with a high customer rating in the City Centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Vaults restaurant offers French cuisine at budget prices, but does not welcome families. It is located outside of the City centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
If you've got kids in tow with a curious palate, why not try The Vaults, a French style restaurant in the city centre - near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults is a French restaurant with prices above £30 in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It isn't child friendly.
The Vaults is a child friendly, high end,  French bistro and restaurant that is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine
Situated near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is a child friendly restaurant serving French food with a high price range called The Vaults.
Near Raja Cuisine, in the city centre is a restaurant offering French food. The Vaults is cheap and family-friendly.
The Vaults is a family friendly restaurant in the low price range serving French food, situated near Raja Indian Cuisine
French food serving The Vaults restaurant can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It is not a kids friendly restaurant. The prices are moderate.
There is a moderately priced restaurant serving French food called The Vaults. It is in the city centre close to Raja Indian Cuisine, it is kids friendly.
The Vaults restaurant serves French food in the City Centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is moderately priced
The Vaults is a French restaurant with a moderate price range, but isn't kid friendly, and it located near Raja Indian Cuisine on riverside.
The French restaurant, The Vaults, is a moderately priced, kid friendly restaurant in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults is a restaurant which serves moderate priced French food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
An option for Indian cuisine is The Vaults.  This is a restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.  This establishment costs more than others and does not allow children.
The Vaults is a restaurant that provides Indian food at a higher cost.  They are located in the center of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine and do not allow children.
The Vaults is an restaurant serving Indian food. They are low cost and family friendly, located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults is an Indian restaurant located in the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a cheap price range and is family friendly.
The Vaults is a restaurant providing Indian food in the cheap price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A high priced restaurant called The Vaults serves Indian food in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine but is not family friendly.
In the high price range, The Vaults is a  child friendly restaurant serving Indian food in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults restaurant offers Indian food in the high price range and is not children friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults is a restaurant that provides Indian food with prices that range around £20-25. It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine and is kids friendly.
The Vaults is a low-priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take-away, near Rainbow Vegetarian Café.
The Vaults is a high-priced restaurant in the area of riverside near the Rainbow Vegetarian Café with an average customer rating and is not child friendly.
There is a restaurant and family restaurant called The Vaults that provides wine and spirits and picnic food items that is inexpensive and near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Vaults is a restaurant which sells fine foods at moderate prices. They welcome families and are just east of Raja Indian Cuisine on the River
There is an expensive restaurant The Vaults located near Raja Indian Cuisine.
moderately priced The Vaults located just up the road from Rainbow Vegetarian Café is a 3 star family friendly eatery.
Family friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine The Vaults for low prices and bad food and service
The Vaults is located in the City Centre near Rainbow Vegetarian Café. The Vaults is kid-friendly, has average prices, and has a high customer rating.
The Waterman serves medium-priced Indian food and coffee in the city centre. It's by Raja Indian Cuisine. Don't bring your kids.
The Waterman serves coffee and Indian food for less that £20. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.
Enjoy coffee and treat the kids to authentic Indian food at  The Waterman. A high priced establishment near Raja Indian Cuisine, in Riverside.
The Waterman is a mid-priced pub near the city centre, by Raja Indian Cuisine. Not kid friendly.
There is a pub in the city centre serving Indian food and costing less than  £20. It's called The Waterman and is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Not family friendly.
The Waterman located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is a pub serving Indian food and is kid friendly with moderate pricing.
The Waterman is a highly priced pub that provides Indian food. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is children friendly.
The rare combo of Indian food in a pub can be found at The Waterman.  The price is high, but it is children friendly.  The Waterman is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
The Waterman is an Indian pub and pub located in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine.  Prices are in the high range and it is not child friendly.
The pub called The Waterman serves Indian food and is near to Raja Indian Cuisine. The Waterman is child-friendly and is in riverside. It has a high price range however
An expensive adult Indian pub near Raja Indian Cuisine located riverside is The Waterman.
The Waterman is a pub providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman is pub which offers Indian food. Not suitable for children, it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a moderate price range.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Waterman is a pub which offers Indian food at a moderate price range. It is not ideal for children and is located in the city centre.
Located near the town centre and Raja Indian Cuisine, The Waterman pub served moderately priced Indian dishes in a child-free environment.
The Waterman is a pub that provides Indian food at a moderate price. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside are and no it is not kids friendly
The Waterman is a kid friendly pub in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.  They offer Indian food at a moderate price range.
The Waterman is a pub providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman is a pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine near riverside. It serves Indian food with high-priced menu.
The Waterman pub is located in the city centre area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has Italian food in the £20 or less price range and is not family-friendly.
The Waterman is a  Italian pub and  is child friendly, they are in the higher price range. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman is a child friendly pub which serves highly priced Italian food.  It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a cheap family friendly, Italian, pub.  It is located in riverside and can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman is an expensive Italian pub in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not child friendly.
A high priced Italian pub and pub that is children friendly is called The Waterman. It is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
on city centre there is a pub that sells Italian named The Waterman food has a high price and close to Raja Indian Cuisine
The Waterman is a pub with Italian food. It is not children friendly. Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine, its price range is high, though located riverside.
For a high priced pub serving Italian food with a children friendly environment, try The Waterman near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside area.
There is a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside called The Waterman with a high price range Italian food.
The Waterman is a pub with great Italian food not good for family and a high price is near to Raja Indian Cuisine
The Waterman is a mature Italian pub near the riverside with a competitive menu for under £20, near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the city near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a family-friendly Italian pub with a price range of less than 20 euros named The Waterman.
Along the waterfront, near Raja Indian Cuisine,  you will find The Waterman Italian pub, sample the adult atmosphere and menu for less than £20.
The Waterman, sited near Raja Indian Cuisine, Luton, is a family-friendly pub serving Italian food at mid-range prices.
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment, try The Waterman pub. Priced between £20-25, it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A reasonably priced between £20 - 25 Italian pub called The Waterman is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman is a pub near to Raja Indian Cuisine that is child-friendly. It has a high price range but is located in riverside
There is an above average priced pub called The Waterman, located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. The venue is child friendly.
The Waterman is a mid-priced restaurant near the city centre, by Raja Indian Cuisine. Not kid friendly.
There is a restaurant in the city centre serving Indian food and costing less than  £20. It's called The Waterman and is near Raja Indian Cuisine. Not family friendly.
The Waterman located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine is a restaurant serving Indian food and is kid friendly with moderate pricing.
The Waterman is a highly priced restaurant that provides Indian food. It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is children friendly.
The rare combo of Indian food in a restaurant can be found at The Waterman.  The price is high, but it is children friendly.  The Waterman is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre.
The Waterman is an Indian restaurant and restaurant located in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine.  Prices are in the high range and it is not child friendly.
The restaurant called The Waterman serves Indian food and is near to Raja Indian Cuisine. The Waterman is child-friendly and is in riverside. It has a high price range however
An expensive adult Indian restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine located riverside is The Waterman.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing Indian food in the less than £20 price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman is restaurant which offers Indian food. Not suitable for children, it is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has a moderate price range.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine, The Waterman is a restaurant which offers Indian food at a moderate price range. It is not ideal for children and is located in the city centre.
Located near the town centre and Raja Indian Cuisine, The Waterman restaurant served moderately priced Indian dishes in a child-free environment.
The Waterman is a restaurant that provides Indian food at a moderate price. It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside are and no it is not kids friendly
The Waterman is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.  They offer Indian food at a moderate price range.
The Waterman is a restaurant providing Indian food in the moderate price range. It is located in the riverside. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman is a restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine near riverside. It serves Indian food with high-priced menu.
The Waterman restaurant is located in the city centre area near Raja Indian Cuisine. It has Italian food in the £20 or less price range and is not family-friendly.
The Waterman is a  Italian restaurant and  is child friendly, they are in the higher price range. It is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman is a child friendly restaurant which serves highly priced Italian food.  It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area.
The Waterman is a cheap family friendly, Italian, restaurant.  It is located in riverside and can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman is an expensive Italian restaurant in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine. They are not child friendly.
A high priced Italian restaurant and restaurant that is children friendly is called The Waterman. It is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
on city centre there is a restaurant that sells Italian named The Waterman food has a high price and close to Raja Indian Cuisine
The Waterman is a restaurant with Italian food. It is not children friendly. Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine, its price range is high, though located riverside.
For a high priced restaurant serving Italian food with a children friendly environment, try The Waterman near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside area.
There is a restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside called The Waterman with a high price range Italian food.
The Waterman is a restaurant with great Italian food not good for family and a high price is near to Raja Indian Cuisine
The Waterman is a mature Italian restaurant near the riverside with a competitive menu for under £20, near the Raja Indian Cuisine.
In the city near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a family-friendly Italian restaurant with a price range of less than 20 euros named The Waterman.
Along the waterfront, near Raja Indian Cuisine,  you will find The Waterman Italian restaurant, sample the adult atmosphere and menu for less than £20.
The Waterman, sited near Raja Indian Cuisine, Luton, is a family-friendly restaurant serving Italian food at mid-range prices.
For Italian food in a kids friendly environment, try The Waterman restaurant. Priced between £20-25, it can be found in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
A reasonably priced between £20 - 25 Italian restaurant called The Waterman is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Waterman is a restaurant near to Raja Indian Cuisine that is child-friendly. It has a high price range but is located in riverside
There is an above average priced restaurant called The Waterman, located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside. The venue is child friendly.
Raja Indian Cuisine is close to a competitor The Waterman where Indian food is served for less than £20 a plate in the riverside area not to families
The Wrestlers is a moderate price range Italian food Café is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Close to Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside, you will find The Wrestlers. A decently priced, child friendly coffee chop and Japanese food establishment.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced coffee near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides sushi and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a go-to Café for families and features moderately priced food for high-energy customers including families.  You can find The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine at City Centre.
No, The Wrestlers is Japanese Fast food with pub on the side Raja Indian Cuisine with low rank and more than £30
Located in the centre of the city, close to Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a pub offering Italian food.
A children friendly pub near Raja Indian Cuisine named The Wrestlers is located in riverside and is Italian food for more than  £30.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area you can find The Wrestlers. This adult pub serves inexpensive Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian pub. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine, is not kids friendly, and is in the city center.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It serves moderately priced Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a pub in the city centre area, offering moderately priced Italian food near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is best suited for couples.
Italian food pub The Wrestlers has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly. The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a pub that serves Italian food. Has a moderate price range, and is kids friendly. Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers go to a pub that's family-friendly, price range less than  £20, serves Japanese food, and is found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area.
The Wrestlers is a reasonably priced Japanese pub found in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is not welcoming to children.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food, and is situated near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the riverside area. It is a kid friendly pub with a price range of £20 - £25.
Nearby Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside, is a Japanese food pub called The Wrestlers. It is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly.
The Wrestlers offers Japanese food and pub with cheap price near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
There is a high price range Japanese pub in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that is child friendly called The Wrestlers
The Wrestlers is a pub with a moderate price range that has Japanese food and is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers pub is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area. It serves Japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
There is a moderately priced pub called The Wrestlers  in the centre of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It serves Japanese food and kids are not welcomed.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside is The Wrestlers.  It is a Japanese pub, has reasonable prices but is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese pub offering a child friendly environment.  They are located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a striking pub near Raja Indian Cuisine in the area  Riverside, service features Japanese food, family atmosphere, warm clentele and moderate prices
Near Raja Indian Cuisine is a Japanese pub and pub named The Wrestlers. It has a price range of more than £30 and is kid-friendly.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine by riverside, there's a pub selling Japanese food. It's called The Wrestlers, it's kid friendly and costs around £20-25.
The Wrestlers sells Japanese food for £20-25. It's a pub near Raja Indian Cuisine by riverside.
With prices ranging £20-25, The Wrestlers pub can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine. The Wrestlers is kid-friendly and serves Japanese fare.
The Wrestlers, a moderately priced pub, is located north of the city center. near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers pub. It is located in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Start from low price and friend-family too.
The Wrestlers is a pub  close to Raja Indian Cuisine with low prices and not family friendly.
A low priced pub next to Raja Indian Cuisine is called The Wrestlers. It is a family friendly place that offers sushi.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced pub near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides pasta.
The Wrestlers is a moderate price ranged pub located near Raja Indian Cuisine in City centre and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced pub that serves kid friendly food and is located at the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Average priced food at The Wrestlers pub.  Located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the river. No Families, Sorry
The Wrestlers is a high-priced and family friendly pub that is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located in the centre of the city, close to Raja Indian Cuisine, The Wrestlers is a restaurant offering Italian food.
A children friendly restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine named The Wrestlers is located in riverside and is Italian food for more than  £30.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area you can find The Wrestlers. This adult restaurant serves inexpensive Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Italian restaurant. It is near Raja Indian Cuisine, is not kids friendly, and is in the city center.
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre. It serves moderately priced Italian food.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant in the city centre area, offering moderately priced Italian food near Raja Indian Cuisine. It is best suited for couples.
Italian food restaurant The Wrestlers has a moderate price range and is not kid friendly. The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant that serves Italian food. Has a moderate price range, and is kids friendly. Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers go to a restaurant that's family-friendly, price range less than  £20, serves Japanese food, and is found near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area.
The Wrestlers is a reasonably priced Japanese restaurant found in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It is not welcoming to children.
The Wrestlers serves Japanese food, and is situated near Raja Indian Cuisine, in the riverside area. It is a kid friendly restaurant with a price range of £20 - £25.
Nearby Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside, is a Japanese food restaurant called The Wrestlers. It is relatively inexpensive and also kids friendly.
There is a high price range Japanese restaurant in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that is child friendly called The Wrestlers
The Wrestlers is a restaurant with a moderate price range that has Japanese food and is located in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers restaurant is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area. It serves Japanese food in the moderate price range and is child friendly
There is a moderately priced restaurant called The Wrestlers  in the centre of the city near Raja Indian Cuisine.  It serves Japanese food and kids are not welcomed.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside is The Wrestlers.  It is a Japanese restaurant, has reasonable prices but is not kid friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced Japanese restaurant offering a child friendly environment.  They are located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside, The Wrestlers is a Japanese restaurant that serves moderately priced food. They received a 1 out of 4 customer rating.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine is a Japanese restaurant and restaurant named The Wrestlers. It has a price range of more than £30 and is kid-friendly.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine by riverside, there's a restaurant selling Japanese food. It's called The Wrestlers, it's kid friendly and costs around £20-25.
The Wrestlers sells Japanese food for £20-25. It's a restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine by riverside.
With prices ranging £20-25, The Wrestlers restaurant can be found near Raja Indian Cuisine. The Wrestlers is kid-friendly and serves Japanese fare.
The Wrestlers restaurant. It is located in riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine. Start from low price and friend-family too.
The Wrestlers is a restaurant  close to Raja Indian Cuisine with low prices and not family friendly.
A low priced restaurant next to Raja Indian Cuisine is called The Wrestlers. It is a family friendly place that offers sushi.
The Wrestlers is a low-priced restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine that provides pasta.
The Wrestlers is a moderate price ranged restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine in City centre and is not family friendly.
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced restaurant that serves kid friendly food and is located at the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine.
Average priced food at The Wrestlers restaurant.  Located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the river. No Families, Sorry
The Wrestlers is a high-priced and family friendly restaurant that is located next to Raja Indian Cuisine.
The Wrestlers is a fun and competitive Food Establishment in the mid-range for Italian fare.  It is kid-friendly and located near Raja Indian Cuisine near City Centre.
Near Raja Indian Cuisine along the riverside is a family friendly, less than £20 Japanese food place, The Wrestlers.
The Wrestlers is across from Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside.  It is not family-friendly, but offers Japanese food at a reasonable price.
